
this is a tool for archiving a set of files or a directory tree into
an archive file, much like 'tar' does.  the difference is that this
tool can selectively replace/update individual files in the archive in
a space- and time-efficient manner.  in a 'tar' file, if you want to
update one file in the archive, you must re-create the entire archive.
even 'zip' files have this problem.

another problem is during extraction, if you want only one file or a
directory of files extracted, you must wait while the entire archive
is read linearly from start to finish.  this is true with TAR files,
although it is not true with ZIP and some other formats.  with this
tool, you can extract a single file or directory instantly because it
can seek directly to the part of the archive which stores that file.

this version also includes compression, for example using libz to
block-compress each file.

this version also includes incremental backups with file versioning,
so that the contents of a file from several backups previously can be
recovered.  it attempts to be extremely efficient with the file in
order to minimize the amount of time required to 'freshen' the backup.
the idea being that backups may be freshened daily or perhaps even
hourly.  if a file is modified or even deleted, and then a backup is
run, the file's previous contents are kept in the backup and can be
retrieved by specfifying a previous 'generation number'.

each time that a backup is run, the generation number is incremented
by 1.  every bit of data in the backup is tagged with a generation
number of when it was added to the backup.  the backup also maintains
a list of all generations still present in the file (as well as the
date when that particular backup session was run).  the user may
retrieve a list of all generations in the file, and selectively delete
them.  if a file in the backup has a version of data associated with
that generation, the data may be freed from the backup.  (unless of
course that particular data is associated with additional
generations.)






command line forms:

     pfkbak --list-backups BACKUP-FILE
     pfkbak --list-gens BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME
     pfkbak --delete-gen N,M,X,A-B,-B,... BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME
     pfkbak --create-backup-file BACKUP-FILE
     pfkbak --create-backup BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME DIR
     pfkbak --update BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME DIR
     pfkbak --list-files [--gen N] [--verbose] BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME
     pfkbak --extract-file FILE [--gen N] BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME
     pfkbak --extract-dir DIR [--gen N] BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME
     pfkbak --extract-files-from LIST-FILE [--gen N] BACKUP-FILE:BACKUP-NAME

database entries:

