Installed Packages
GConf2.x86_64                                 3.2.6-29.fc33                          @fedora                   
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                         1.3.36-1.fc33                          @updates                  
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                     1.3.36-1.fc33                          @updates                  
HandBrake.x86_64                              1.3.3-4.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
HandBrake-gui.x86_64                          1.3.3-4.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
ImageMagick.x86_64                            1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @anaconda                 
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                        1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora                   
ImageMagick-devel.x86_64                      1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora                   
ImageMagick-djvu.x86_64                       1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                       1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @anaconda                 
ImageMagick-perl.x86_64                       1:6.9.11.27-1.fc33                     @fedora                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                 0.20.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ModemManager.x86_64                           1.14.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                      1.14.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
NetworkManager.x86_64                         1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                    1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64               1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-iodine.x86_64                  1.2.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-iodine-gnome.x86_64            1.2.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                    1.8.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64              1.8.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                   1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64               1.2.12-1.fc33.2                        @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64         1.2.12-1.fc33.2                        @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64             1.2.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64       1.2.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                 1:1.8.12-1.fc33.1                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64           1:1.8.12-1.fc33.1                      @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                     1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                    1:1.2.8-2.fc33.1                       @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64              1:1.2.8-2.fc33.1                       @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                    1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                    1:1.2.6-5.fc33                         @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64              1:1.2.6-5.fc33                         @anaconda                 
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                    1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                    1:1.26.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
ORBit2.x86_64                                 2.14.19-24.fc33                        @fedora                   
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                           2.3.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                        1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates                  
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64            1.2.2-2.fc33                           @updates                  
SDL.x86_64                                    1.2.15-45.fc33                         @fedora                   
SDL-devel.x86_64                              1.2.15-45.fc33                         @fedora                   
SDL2.x86_64                                   2.0.12-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
SLOF.noarch                                   0.1.git20200717-1.fc33                 @fedora                   
Thunar.x86_64                                 1.8.16-1.fc33                          @updates                  
VirtualBox.x86_64                             6.1.16-2.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
VirtualBox-kmodsrc.noarch                     6.1.16-2.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
VirtualBox-server.x86_64                      6.1.16-2.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                3.001-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
aalib-libs.x86_64                             1.4.0-0.40.rc5.fc33                    @anaconda                 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                0.301-1.fc33                           @updates                  
abrt.x86_64                                   2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                        2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                  2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                  2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                      2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                        2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-cli.x86_64                               2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-dbus.x86_64                              2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-desktop.x86_64                           2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-gui.x86_64                               2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                          2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                    1.2.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
abrt-libs.x86_64                              2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                      2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                    2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
abrt-tui.x86_64                               2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
accountsservice.x86_64                        0.6.55-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                   0.6.55-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
acl.x86_64                                    2.2.53-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
acpid.x86_64                                  2.0.32-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
adcli.x86_64                                  0.9.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                    20171205-9.fc33                        @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch         20171205-9.fc33                        @anaconda                 
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                     20180407-7.fc33                        @anaconda                 
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch            2.030.1.050-9.fc33                     @anaconda                 
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                   3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                     3.28-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                     3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
akmod-VirtualBox.x86_64                       6.1.16-2.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
akmod-nvidia.x86_64                           3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
akmods.noarch                                 0.5.6-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                               1.2.4-5.fc33                           @updates                  
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                         1.2.4-5.fc33                           @updates                  
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                1.2.2-4.fc33                           @updates                  
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                      1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
alsa-ucm.noarch                               1.2.4-5.fc33                           @updates                  
alsa-utils.x86_64                             1.2.4-2.fc33                           @updates                  
alternatives.x86_64                           1.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
anaconda.x86_64                               33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-core.x86_64                          33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                           33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64              33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-live.x86_64                          33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-tui.x86_64                           33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
anaconda-user-help.noarch                     26.1-12.fc33                           @anaconda                 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                       33.25.4-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
annobin.x86_64                                9.49-1.fc33                            @updates                  
apache-commons-codec.noarch                   1.13-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
apache-commons-io.noarch                      1:2.6-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
apache-commons-logging.noarch                 1.2-23.fc33                            @fedora                   
apr.x86_64                                    1.7.0-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
apr-util.x86_64                               1.6.1-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                           1.6.1-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                       1.6.1-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
arj.x86_64                                    3.10.22-33.fc33                        @fedora                   
arpack.x86_64                                 3.7.0-8.fc33                           @fedora                   
aspell.x86_64                                 12:0.60.8-5.fc33                       @fedora                   
at.x86_64                                     3.1.23-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                            2.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                           2.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
atk.x86_64                                    2.36.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
atk-devel.x86_64                              2.36.0-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
atkmm.x86_64                                  2.28.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
atlas.x86_64                                  3.10.3-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
atlas-devel.x86_64                            3.10.3-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
atmel-firmware.noarch                         1.3-23.fc33                            @anaconda                 
attr.x86_64                                   2.4.48-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
audacity.x86_64                               2.3.3-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
audiofile.x86_64                              1:0.3.6-25.fc33                        @fedora                   
audiofile-devel.x86_64                        1:0.3.6-25.fc33                        @fedora                   
audit.x86_64                                  3.0-1.fc33                             @updates                  
audit-libs.x86_64                             3.0-1.fc33                             @updates                  
augeas-libs.x86_64                            1.12.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
authselect.x86_64                             1.2.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
authselect-compat.x86_64                      1.2.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
authselect-libs.x86_64                        1.2.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
autoconf.noarch                               2.69-34.fc33                           @fedora                   
autocorr-en.noarch                            1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
autofs.x86_64                                 1:5.1.6-11.fc33                        @fedora                   
automake.noarch                               1.16.2-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
avahi.x86_64                                  0.8-7.fc33                             @updates                  
avahi-glib.x86_64                             0.8-7.fc33                             @updates                  
avahi-libs.x86_64                             0.8-7.fc33                             @updates                  
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                          0.8-7.fc33                             @updates                  
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                           019-18.fc33                            @anaconda                 
b43-openfwwf.noarch                           5.2-25.fc33                            @anaconda                 
babl.x86_64                                   0.1.82-1.fc33                          @updates                  
basesystem.noarch                             11-10.fc33                             @anaconda                 
bash.x86_64                                   5.0.17-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
bash-completion.noarch                        1:2.8-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
batik.noarch                                  1.13-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
batik-css.noarch                              1.13-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
batik-util.noarch                             1.13-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
bc.x86_64                                     1.07.1-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
bcache-tools.x86_64                           1.0.8-19.fc33                          @anaconda                 
bear.x86_64                                   2.4.4-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
biber.noarch                                  2.14-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
bind-libs.x86_64                              32:9.11.26-2.fc33                      @updates                  
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                         32:9.11.26-2.fc33                      @updates                  
bind-license.noarch                           32:9.11.26-2.fc33                      @updates                  
bind-utils.x86_64                             32:9.11.26-2.fc33                      @updates                  
binutils.x86_64                               2.35-15.fc33                           @updates                  
binutils-gold.x86_64                          2.35-15.fc33                           @updates                  
bison.x86_64                                  3.6.4-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
bitstream-vera-sans-fonts.noarch              1.10-41.fc33                           @fedora                   
blivet-data.noarch                            1:3.3.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                     2.2.1-2.fc33                           @updates                  
blueberry.noarch                              1.3.7-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
bluez.x86_64                                  5.55-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
bluez-cups.x86_64                             5.55-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
bluez-libs.x86_64                             5.55-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
bluez-obexd.x86_64                            5.55-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
bluez-tools.x86_64                            0.2.0-0.15.git20170912.7cb788c.fc33    @anaconda                 
boost.x86_64                                  1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-atomic.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-chrono.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-container.x86_64                        1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-context.x86_64                          1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-contract.x86_64                         1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-coroutine.x86_64                        1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-date-time.x86_64                        1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-devel.x86_64                            1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-fiber.x86_64                            1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-filesystem.x86_64                       1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-graph.x86_64                            1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-iostreams.x86_64                        1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-locale.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-log.x86_64                              1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-math.x86_64                             1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-nowide.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-numpy3.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-program-options.x86_64                  1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-python3.x86_64                          1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-random.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-regex.x86_64                            1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-serialization.x86_64                    1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                       1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-system.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-test.x86_64                             1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-thread.x86_64                           1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-timer.x86_64                            1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                     1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
boost-wave.x86_64                             1.73.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
brasero-libs.x86_64                           3.12.2-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
brlapi.x86_64                                 0.8.0-11.fc33.1                        @fedora                   
brltty.x86_64                                 6.1-11.fc33.1                          @fedora                   
brotli.x86_64                                 1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates                  
brotli-devel.x86_64                           1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates                  
btrfs-progs.x86_64                            5.9-1.fc33                             @updates                  
bubblewrap.x86_64                             0.4.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
byacc.x86_64                                  1.9.20200330-3.fc33                    @fedora                   
bzip2.x86_64                                  1.0.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
bzip2-devel.x86_64                            1.0.8-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                             1.0.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
c-ares.x86_64                                 1.17.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ca-certificates.noarch                        2020.2.41-4.fc33                       @anaconda                 
cairo.x86_64                                  1.16.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cairo-devel.x86_64                            1.16.0-9.fc33                          @fedora                   
cairo-gobject.x86_64                          1.16.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cairomm.x86_64                                1.12.0-13.fc33                         @anaconda                 
capstone.x86_64                               4.0.2-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
caribou.x86_64                                0.4.21-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
caribou-gtk2-module.x86_64                    0.4.21-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
caribou-gtk3-module.x86_64                    0.4.21-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
ccache.x86_64                                 3.7.11-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                        10.2-34.fc33                           @anaconda                 
cdw.x86_64                                    0.7.1-24.fc33                          @fedora                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                            3.1-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
cheese-release.noarch                         33-1.fc33                              @@commandline             
chkconfig.x86_64                              1.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
chromium.x86_64                               87.0.4280.88-1.fc33                    @updates                  
chromium-common.x86_64                        87.0.4280.88-1.fc33                    @updates                  
chrony.x86_64                                 4.0-1.fc33                             @updates                  
chrpath.x86_64                                0.16-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
cifs-utils.x86_64                             6.11-2.fc33                            @updates                  
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                        6.11-2.fc33                            @updates                  
cinnamon.x86_64                               4.8.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-control-center.x86_64                4.8.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-control-center-filesystem.x86_64     4.8.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-desktop.x86_64                       4.8.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-menus.x86_64                         4.8.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-screensaver.x86_64                   4.8.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-session.x86_64                       4.8.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-settings-daemon.x86_64               4.8.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cinnamon-themes.noarch                        1:1.8.7-1.fc33                         @updates                  
cinnamon-translations.noarch                  4.8.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
cjs.x86_64                                    1:4.8.1-1.fc33                         @updates                  
clang.x86_64                                  11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
clang-devel.x86_64                            11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
clang-libs.x86_64                             11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                      11.0.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                  1:38-1.1.fc33                          @updates                  
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch              1:38-1.1.fc33                          @updates                  
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                   2.3.3.4-39.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc33    @anaconda                 
clucene-core.x86_64                           2.3.3.4-39.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc33    @anaconda                 
clutter.x86_64                                1.26.4-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
clutter-gst3.x86_64                           3.0.27-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
clutter-gtk.x86_64                            1.8.4-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
cmake.x86_64                                  3.18.4-2.fc33                          @updates                  
cmake-data.noarch                             3.18.4-2.fc33                          @updates                  
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                       3.18.4-2.fc33                          @updates                  
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                       3.18.4-2.fc33                          @updates                  
cogl.x86_64                                   1.22.8-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
color-filesystem.noarch                       1-25.fc33                              @anaconda                 
colord.x86_64                                 1.4.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
colord-libs.x86_64                            1.4.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                        5.1.5-17.fc33                          @fedora                   
compat-openssl10.x86_64                       1:1.0.2o-11.fc33                       @fedora                   
compat-readline5.x86_64                       5.2-37.fc33                            @anaconda                 
compiler-rt.x86_64                            11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
comps-extras.noarch                           24-8.fc33                              @anaconda                 
container-selinux.noarch                      2:2.151.0-1.fc33                       @updates                  
containerd.x86_64                             1.4.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                       3.7-7.fc33                             @anaconda                 
coreutils.x86_64                              8.32-15.fc33                           @updates                  
coreutils-common.x86_64                       8.32-15.fc33                           @updates                  
cpio.x86_64                                   2.13-8.fc33                            @anaconda                 
cpp.x86_64                                    10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
cracklib.x86_64                               2.9.6-24.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                         2.9.6-24.fc33                          @anaconda                 
createrepo_c.x86_64                           0.16.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                      0.16.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
criu.x86_64                                   3.15-1.fc33                            @updates                  
cronie.x86_64                                 1.5.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
cronie-anacron.x86_64                         1.5.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
crontabs.noarch                               1.11-23.20190603git.fc33               @anaconda                 
crypto-policies.noarch                        20200918-1.git85dccc5.fc33             @anaconda                 
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                20200918-1.git85dccc5.fc33             @anaconda                 
cryptsetup.x86_64                             2.3.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                        2.3.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ctags.x86_64                                  5.8-30.fc33                            @anaconda                 
cups.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3op1-1.fc33                      @updates                  
cups-client.x86_64                            1:2.3.3op1-1.fc33                      @updates                  
cups-filesystem.noarch                        1:2.3.3op1-1.fc33                      @updates                  
cups-filters.x86_64                           1.28.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                      1.28.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
cups-ipptool.x86_64                           1:2.3.3op1-1.fc33                      @updates                  
cups-libs.x86_64                              1:2.3.3op1-1.fc33                      @updates                  
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                         0.2.6-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
curl.x86_64                                   7.71.1-8.fc33                          @updates                  
cvs.x86_64                                    1.11.23-54.fc33                        @fedora                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                      2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                         2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                         2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                       2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                       2.1.27-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
daxctl-libs.x86_64                            71.1-1.fc33                            @updates                  
dblatex.noarch                                0.3.11-7.fc33                          @fedora                   
dbus.x86_64                                   1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbus-broker.x86_64                            24-1.fc33                              @anaconda                 
dbus-common.noarch                            1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbus-daemon.x86_64                            1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbus-glib.x86_64                              0.110-10.fc33                          @updates                  
dbus-libs.x86_64                              1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbus-tools.x86_64                             1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbus-x11.x86_64                               1:1.12.20-2.fc33                       @anaconda                 
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                            0.9.3-0.25.20160218.fc33               @fedora                   
dconf.x86_64                                  0.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                      2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                 2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                     2.37-15.fc33                           @anaconda                 
deltarpm.x86_64                               3.6.2-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
desktop-backgrounds-basic.noarch              33.0.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch             33.0.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch              33.0.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                     0.26-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
device-mapper.x86_64                          1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                    1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64               1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                     1.02.173-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64           0.8.4-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64          0.8.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dhcp-client.x86_64                            12:4.4.2-8.b1.fc33                     @anaconda                 
dhcp-common.noarch                            12:4.4.2-8.b1.fc33                     @anaconda                 
dhcp-server.x86_64                            12:4.4.2-8.b1.fc33                     @fedora                   
diffstat.x86_64                               1.63-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
diffutils.x86_64                              3.7-7.fc33                             @updates                  
displaylink.x86_64                            1.9.0-1.fc33                           @cheese                   
djvulibre.x86_64                              3.5.27-22.fc33                         @fedora                   
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                         3.5.27-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
dkms.noarch                                   2.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                  0.3.0-8.fc33                           @fedora                   
dleyna-core.x86_64                            0.6.0-9.fc33                           @updates                  
dleyna-server.x86_64                          0.6.0-9.fc33                           @updates                  
dmidecode.x86_64                              1:3.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dmraid.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda                 
dmraid-events.x86_64                          1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda                 
dmraid-libs.x86_64                            1.0.0.rc16-49.fc33                     @anaconda                 
dnf.noarch                                    4.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
dnf-data.noarch                               4.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                       4.0.18-1.fc33                          @updates                  
dnfdaemon.noarch                              0.3.20-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                      0.3.20-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
dnfdragora.noarch                             2.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dnfdragora-updater.noarch                     2.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dnsmasq.x86_64                                2.82-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
docbook-dtds.noarch                           1.0-76.fc33                            @fedora                   
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch                    1.79-30.fc33                           @fedora                   
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                      1.79.2-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
docbook-utils.noarch                          0.6.14-50.fc33                         @fedora                   
dos2unix.x86_64                               7.4.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dosemu.x86_64                                 1.4.0.8-28.20131022git.fc33            @rpmfusion-free           
dosfstools.x86_64                             4.1-12.fc33                            @anaconda                 
double-conversion.x86_64                      3.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
doxygen.x86_64                                1:1.8.20-4.fc33                        @fedora                   
doxygen-doxywizard.x86_64                     1:1.8.20-4.fc33                        @fedora                   
dracut.x86_64                                 050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates                  
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                   050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates                  
dracut-live.x86_64                            050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates                  
dracut-network.x86_64                         050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates                  
dracut-squash.x86_64                          050-64.git20200529.fc33                @updates                  
drpm.x86_64                                   0.5.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                           7.1-33.fc33                            @fedora                   
dwz.x86_64                                    0.13-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
e2fsprogs.x86_64                              1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                         1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
ecryptfs-utils.x86_64                         111-21.fc33                            @fedora                   
ed.x86_64                                     1.14.2-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
edk2-aarch64.noarch                           20200801stable-3.fc33                  @updates                  
edk2-ovmf.noarch                              20200801stable-3.fc33                  @updates                  
efi-filesystem.noarch                         4-5.fc33                               @anaconda                 
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                        4-5.fc33                               @fedora                   
efibootmgr.x86_64                             16-9.fc33                              @anaconda                 
efivar-libs.x86_64                            37-14.fc33                             @updates                  
egl-wayland.x86_64                            1.1.6-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils.x86_64                               0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64             0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch            0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                        0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                  0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elfutils-libs.x86_64                          0.182-1.fc33                           @updates                  
elinks.x86_64                                 0.12-0.64.pre6.fc33                    @fedora                   
emacs.x86_64                                  1:27.1-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
emacs-common.x86_64                           1:27.1-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                       1:27.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
enchant.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-26.fc33                        @anaconda                 
enchant2.x86_64                               2.2.14-1.fc33                          @updates                  
entangle.x86_64                               2.0-7.fc33                             @fedora                   
eom.x86_64                                    1.24.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
epstool.x86_64                                3.08-19.fc33                           @fedora                   
ethtool.x86_64                                2:5.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
evince.x86_64                                 3.38.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
evince-djvu.x86_64                            3.38.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
evince-libs.x86_64                            3.38.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                     3.38.0-2.fc33                          @updates                  
evolution.x86_64                              3.38.3-1.fc33                          @updates                  
evolution-data-server.x86_64                  3.38.3-1.fc33                          @updates                  
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch        3.38.3-1.fc33                          @updates                  
evolution-langpacks.noarch                    3.38.3-1.fc33                          @updates                  
exempi.x86_64                                 2.5.1-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
exfat-utils.x86_64                            1.3.0-5.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
exiv2.x86_64                                  0.27.3-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                             0.27.3-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
exo.x86_64                                    0.12.11-3.fc33                         @anaconda                 
expat.x86_64                                  2.2.8-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
expat-devel.x86_64                            2.2.8-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
expect.x86_64                                 5.45.4-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
f33-backgrounds-base.noarch                   33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
f33-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch            33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
f33-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch           33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
f33-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                  33.0.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
faad2-libs.x86_64                             1:2.9.2-3.fc33                         @rpmfusion-free           
fakeroot.x86_64                               1.25.2-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                          1.25.2-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
farstream02.x86_64                            0.2.9-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                           2.0.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                        33-1                                   @anaconda                 
fedora-logos.x86_64                           30.0.2-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                     30.0.2-5.fc33                          @fedora                   
fedora-release-cinnamon.noarch                33-3                                   @updates                  
fedora-release-common.noarch                  33-3                                   @updates                  
fedora-release-identity-cinnamon.noarch       33-3                                   @updates                  
fedora-repos.noarch                           33-1                                   @anaconda                 
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                   33-1                                   @anaconda                 
feh.x86_64                                    3.4.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                 4.3.1-16.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                            4.3.1-16.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
fftw.x86_64                                   3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-devel.x86_64                             3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-libs.x86_64                              3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                       3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                         3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                         3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                       3.3.8-9.fc33                           @updates                  
file.x86_64                                   5.39-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
file-libs.x86_64                              5.39-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
file-roller.x86_64                            3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
filesystem.x86_64                             3.14-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
findutils.x86_64                              1:4.7.0-7.fc33                         @anaconda                 
firebird.x86_64                               3.0.7.33374-1.fc33                     @updates                  
firebird-utils.x86_64                         3.0.7.33374-1.fc33                     @updates                  
firefox.x86_64                                84.0.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
firewall-config.noarch                        0.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
firewalld.noarch                              0.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                   0.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
flac.x86_64                                   1.3.3-4.fc33                           @updates                  
flac-libs.x86_64                              1.3.3-4.fc33                           @updates                  
flashrom.x86_64                               1.2-5.fc33                             @updates                  
flatpak.x86_64                                1.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flatpak-libs.x86_64                           1.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flatpak-selinux.noarch                        1.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                 1.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flex.x86_64                                   2.6.4-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
flexiblas.x86_64                              3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flexiblas-devel.x86_64                        3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                       3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                     3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64              3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64            3.0.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
fltk.x86_64                                   1.3.5-8.fc33                           @fedora                   
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                 3.1-23.fc33                            @fedora                   
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                     3.1-23.fc33                            @fedora                   
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                        2.1.1-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
flute.noarch                                  1.3.0-24.OOo31.fc33                    @fedora                   
fmt.x86_64                                    7.0.3-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
fontbox.noarch                                2.0.21-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
fontconfig.x86_64                             2.13.92-12.fc33                        @anaconda                 
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                       2.13.92-12.fc33                        @fedora                   
fonts-filesystem.noarch                       1:2.0.5-4.fc33                         @anaconda                 
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                      1:2.0.5-4.fc33                         @fedora                   
foomatic.x86_64                               4.0.13-15.fc33                         @updates                  
foomatic-db.noarch                            4.0-68.20201104.fc33                   @updates                  
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                 4.0-68.20201104.fc33                   @updates                  
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                       4.0-68.20201104.fc33                   @updates                  
fop.noarch                                    2.5-1.fc33                             @updates                  
fox.x86_64                                    1.6.57-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
fpaste.noarch                                 0.4.1.1-1.fc33                         @updates                  
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                        1.3-2.fc33                             @fedora                   
fprintd.x86_64                                1.90.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
fprintd-pam.x86_64                            1.90.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
freeglut.x86_64                               3.2.1-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
freeipmi.x86_64                               1.6.6-1.fc33                           @updates                  
freerdp-libs.x86_64                           2:2.2.0-4.fc33                         @fedora                   
freetype.x86_64                               2.10.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
freetype-devel.x86_64                         2.10.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
fribidi.x86_64                                1.0.10-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
fribidi-devel.x86_64                          1.0.10-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
fstrm.x86_64                                  0.6.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ftp.x86_64                                    0.17-84.fc33                           @fedora                   
fuse.x86_64                                   2.9.9-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
fuse-common.x86_64                            3.9.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
fuse-exfat.x86_64                             1.3.0-5.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
fuse-libs.x86_64                              2.9.9-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
fuse3.x86_64                                  3.9.4-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
fuse3-libs.x86_64                             3.9.4-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
fwupd.x86_64                                  1.5.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                  1.5.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64             1.5.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
galculator.x86_64                             2.1.4-12.fc33                          @fedora                   
game-music-emu.x86_64                         0.6.3-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
gamin.x86_64                                  0.1.10-37.fc33                         @fedora                   
garcon.x86_64                                 0.6.4-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
gawk.x86_64                                   5.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                     5.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gbdfed.x86_64                                 1.6-14.fc33                            @fedora                   
gc.x86_64                                     8.0.4-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gcc.x86_64                                    10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
gcc-c++.x86_64                                10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                         10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                           10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
gcr.x86_64                                    3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gcr-base.x86_64                               3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gd.x86_64                                     2.3.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gd-devel.x86_64                               2.3.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
gdb.x86_64                                    10.1-2.fc33                            @updates                  
gdb-headless.x86_64                           10.1-2.fc33                            @updates                  
gdbm.x86_64                                   1:1.19-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gdbm-devel.x86_64                             1:1.19-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gdbm-libs.x86_64                              1:1.19-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gdisk.x86_64                                  1.0.5-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                            2.40.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                      2.40.0-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                    2.40.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                  10.24-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gegl04.x86_64                                 0.4.26-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
genisoimage.x86_64                            1.1.11-46.fc33                         @fedora                   
geoclue2.x86_64                               2.5.6-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
geocode-glib.x86_64                           3.26.2-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
geolite2-city.noarch                          20191217-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
geolite2-country.noarch                       20191217-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
gettext.x86_64                                0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
gettext-common-devel.noarch                   0.21-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
gettext-devel.x86_64                          0.21-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                           0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
gfs2-utils.x86_64                             3.3.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                        1.5.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
ghostscript.x86_64                            9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates                  
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                        9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates                  
giflib.x86_64                                 5.2.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
giflib-devel.x86_64                           5.2.1-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
gimp.x86_64                                   2:2.10.22-2.fc33                       @updates                  
gimp-heif-plugin.x86_64                       1.1.0-8.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
gimp-libs.x86_64                              2:2.10.22-2.fc33                       @updates                  
git.x86_64                                    2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
git-core.x86_64                               2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
git-core-doc.noarch                           2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
git-extras.noarch                             6.1.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
git-gui.noarch                                2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
git-lfs.x86_64                                2.12.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gitk.noarch                                   2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
gl-manpages.noarch                            1.1-21.20190306.fc33                   @fedora                   
gl2ps.x86_64                                  1.4.2-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
glib.x86_64                                   1:1.2.10-61.fc33                       @fedora                   
glib-devel.x86_64                             1:1.2.10-61.fc33                       @fedora                   
glib-networking.x86_64                        2.66.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
glib2.x86_64                                  2.66.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
glib2-devel.x86_64                            2.66.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
glibc.x86_64                                  2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                    2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibc-common.x86_64                           2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibc-devel.x86_64                            2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                      2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                      2.32-2.fc33                            @updates                  
glibmm24.x86_64                               2.64.5-2.fc33                          @updates                  
glpk.x86_64                                   4.65-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64               8.3-1.fc33                             @updates                  
glx-utils.x86_64                              8.4.0-8.20181118git1830dcb.fc33        @anaconda                 
gmock.x86_64                                  1.10.0-6.fc33                          @updates                  
gmp.x86_64                                    1:6.2.0-5.fc33                         @anaconda                 
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                       4-12.fc33                              @fedora                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                             1.3.6-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                           0.2.4-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                      3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                        1:3.34.3-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                   1:3.34.3-1.fc33                        @anaconda                 
gnome-calculator.x86_64                       3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                    3.36.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                         3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                     3.38.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                       3.12.0-14.fc33                         @anaconda                 
gnome-keyring.x86_64                          3.36.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                      3.36.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-menus.x86_64                            3.36.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                  3.38.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                       3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                   3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gnome-terminal.x86_64                         3.38.1-2.fc33                          @updates                  
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                     3.28-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                             2.24.4-32.fc33                         @fedora                   
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                      2.24.4-32.fc33                         @fedora                   
gnupg2.x86_64                                 2.2.25-2.fc33                          @updates                  
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                           2.2.25-2.fc33                          @updates                  
gnuplot.x86_64                                5.2.8-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
gnuplot-common.x86_64                         5.2.8-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
gnutls.x86_64                                 3.6.15-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
go-srpm-macros.noarch                         3.0.9-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
gobject-introspection.x86_64                  1.66.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gocr.x86_64                                   0.52-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
goffice.x86_64                                0.10.47-3.fc33                         @fedora                   
gom.x86_64                                    0.4-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
goocanvas2.x86_64                             2.0.4-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                   1.103-0.15.20130920.fc33               @anaconda                 
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                   104.0.5112.101-1                       @google-chrome            
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                20200215-8.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch           20190416-7.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch          20200916-1.fc33                        @updates                  
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch               20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch         20190416-7.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                 20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch        20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda                 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch      20181223-8.fc33                        @anaconda                 
gpac-libs.x86_64                              1.0.1-1.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gparted.x86_64                                1.1.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
gperftools-libs.x86_64                        2.8-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
gpgme.x86_64                                  1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gpgmepp.x86_64                                1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gpm-libs.x86_64                               1.20.7-24.fc33                         @anaconda                 
graphene.x86_64                               1.10.2-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
graphite2.x86_64                              1.3.14-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                        1.3.14-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
graphviz.x86_64                               2.44.0-14.fc33.1                       @anaconda                 
grep.x86_64                                   3.4-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
grilo.x86_64                                  0.3.13-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
grilo-plugins.x86_64                          0.3.12-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
groff-base.x86_64                             1.22.4-4.fc33                          @updates                  
grub2-common.noarch                           1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                         1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                  1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                          1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                   1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-pc.x86_64                               1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                       1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-tools.x86_64                            1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                        1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                      1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                    1:2.04-31.fc33                         @anaconda                 
grubby.x86_64                                 8.40-47.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gscan2pdf.noarch                              2.9.1-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64              3.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gsl.x86_64                                    2.6-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
gsm.x86_64                                    1.0.19-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gspell.x86_64                                 1.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gssdp.x86_64                                  1.2.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gssproxy.x86_64                               0.8.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gstreamer1.x86_64                             1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64             1.16.2-2.fc33                          @fedora-cisco-openh264    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64            1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64            1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64             1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                1.18.2-1.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64           1.18.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gsview.x86_64                                 4.9-15.fc33                            @rpmfusion-nonfree        
gtest.x86_64                                  1.10.0-6.fc33                          @updates                  
gtest-devel.x86_64                            1.10.0-6.fc33                          @updates                  
gtk+.x86_64                                   1:1.2.10-95.fc33                       @fedora                   
gtk+-devel.x86_64                             1:1.2.10-95.fc33                       @fedora                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                  3.24.24-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtk2.x86_64                                   2.24.33-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtk2-devel.x86_64                             2.24.33-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                      2.24.33-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtk3.x86_64                                   3.24.24-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                      3.24.24-1.fc33                         @updates                  
gtkmm30.x86_64                                3.24.3-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gtksourceview3.x86_64                         3.24.11-4.fc33                         @anaconda                 
gtksourceview4.x86_64                         4.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gtkspell.x86_64                               2.0.16-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
gtkspell3.x86_64                              3.0.10-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
gts.x86_64                                    0.7.6-38.20121130.fc33                 @anaconda                 
gucharmap.x86_64                              13.0.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
gucharmap-libs.x86_64                         13.0.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
guile.x86_64                                  5:2.0.14-21.fc33                       @anaconda                 
guile22.x86_64                                2.2.7-1.fc33                           @updates                  
gupnp.x86_64                                  1.2.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gupnp-av.x86_64                               0.12.11-4.fc33                         @fedora                   
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                             0.10.5-13.fc33                         @fedora                   
gupnp-igd.x86_64                              1.2.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
gutenprint.x86_64                             5.3.3-7.fc33                           @updates                  
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                        5.3.3-7.fc33                           @updates                  
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                        5.3.3-7.fc33                           @updates                  
gvfs.x86_64                                   1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-afc.x86_64                               1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-archive.x86_64                           1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-client.x86_64                            1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                              1.46.1-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
gvfs-goa.x86_64                               1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                           1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                               1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gvfs-smb.x86_64                               1.46.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
gzip.x86_64                                   1.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
harfbuzz.x86_64                               2.7.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                         2.7.2-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                           2.7.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
hddtemp.x86_64                                0.3-0.46.beta15.fc33                   @anaconda                 
hdf5.x86_64                                   1.10.6-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
hdf5-devel.x86_64                             1.10.6-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
hexchat.x86_64                                2.14.3-7.fc33                          @updates                  
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                          540.1.linux3-22.fc33                   @anaconda                 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                     0.17-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
highlight.x86_64                              3.57-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
hostname.x86_64                               3.23-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
hplip.x86_64                                  3.21.2-13.fc33                         @updates                  
hplip-common.x86_64                           3.21.2-13.fc33                         @updates                  
hplip-gui.x86_64                              3.21.2-13.fc33                         @updates                  
hplip-libs.x86_64                             3.21.2-13.fc33                         @updates                  
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                       1:1.001-3.20200428git336a529.fc33      @anaconda                 
http-parser.x86_64                            2.9.4-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
hunspell.x86_64                               1.7.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
hunspell-en.noarch                            0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                         0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda                 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                         0.20140811.1-17.fc33                   @anaconda                 
hwdata.noarch                                 0.343-1.fc33                           @updates                  
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                         0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda                 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                 0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda                 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                           0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda                 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                             0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda                 
hypervvssd.x86_64                             0-0.33.20190303git.fc33                @anaconda                 
hyphen.x86_64                                 2.8.8-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
hyphen-en.noarch                              2.8.8-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
ibus.x86_64                                   1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates                  
ibus-cangjie.noarch                           2.4-21.fc33                            @anaconda                 
ibus-cangjie-engine-cangjie.noarch            2.4-21.fc33                            @anaconda                 
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                              1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates                  
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                              1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates                  
ibus-hangul.x86_64                            1.5.4-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ibus-kkc.x86_64                               1.5.22-14.fc33                         @anaconda                 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                         1.11.93-3.fc33                         @updates                  
ibus-libs.x86_64                              1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates                  
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                         1.9.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                              1.4.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ibus-setup.noarch                             1.5.23-2.fc33                          @updates                  
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                    2.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                       3.0-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
ilmbase.x86_64                                2.3.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
im-chooser.x86_64                             1.7.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
im-chooser-common.x86_64                      1.7.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                          1.3.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
imake.x86_64                                  1.0.8-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
imlib2.x86_64                                 1.6.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
imlib2-devel.x86_64                           1.6.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
imsettings.x86_64                             1.8.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
imsettings-cinnamon.x86_64                    1.8.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
imsettings-libs.x86_64                        1.8.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
info.x86_64                                   6.7-8.fc33                             @anaconda                 
initial-setup.x86_64                          0.3.83-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                      0.3.83-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
initscripts.x86_64                            10.04-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
inkscape.x86_64                               1.0.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                         20.3.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
inxi.noarch                                   3.1.08-1.fc33                          @updates                  
iodine-client.x86_64                          0.7.0-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
ipcalc.x86_64                                 0.4.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
ipmitool.x86_64                               1.8.18-20.fc33                         @anaconda                 
iproute.x86_64                                5.9.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
iproute-tc.x86_64                             5.9.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
ipset.x86_64                                  7.6-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
ipset-libs.x86_64                             7.6-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
iptables.x86_64                               1.8.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
iptables-libs.x86_64                          1.8.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
iptables-nft.x86_64                           1.8.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
iptstate.x86_64                               2.2.6-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
iputils.x86_64                                20200821-1.fc33                        @updates                  
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                       1.3-27.fc33                            @anaconda                 
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                       3.1-20.fc33                            @anaconda                 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                         20200823-1.git4bd064de.fc33            @fedora                   
irqbalance.x86_64                             2:1.7.0-4.fc33                         @anaconda                 
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                  6.2.1.1-0.gitac87641.fc33.2            @anaconda                 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64         6.2.1.1-0.gitac87641.fc33.2            @anaconda                 
isl.x86_64                                    0.16.1-12.fc33                         @anaconda                 
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                        0.97-11.fc33                           @anaconda                 
iso-codes.noarch                              4.5.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
isomd5sum.x86_64                              1:1.2.3-10.fc33                        @anaconda                 
iw.x86_64                                     5.4-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
iwl100-firmware.noarch                        39.31.5.1-116.fc33                     @updates                  
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                       1:39.31.5.1-116.fc33                   @updates                  
iwl105-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl135-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                       1:25.30.13.0-116.fc33                  @updates                  
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                       15.32.2.9-116.fc33                     @updates                  
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                       228.61.2.24-116.fc33                   @updates                  
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                       8.83.5.1_1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                       8.24.2.2-116.fc33                      @updates                  
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                       9.221.4.1-116.fc33                     @updates                  
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                    18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                    18.168.6.1-116.fc33                    @updates                  
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                       41.28.5.1-116.fc33                     @updates                  
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                       1:25.30.13.0-116.fc33                  @updates                  
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64              1.9.14-5.fc33                          @fedora                   
jakarta-commons-httpclient.noarch             1:3.1-36.fc33                          @fedora                   
jansson.x86_64                                2.13.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
jasper-libs.x86_64                            2.0.22-1.fc33                          @updates                  
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                        1:11.0.9.11-9.fc33                     @updates                  
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64               1:11.0.9.11-9.fc33                     @updates                  
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                5.3.0-13.fc33                          @anaconda                 
javapackages-tools.noarch                     5.3.0-13.fc33                          @fedora                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                          0.19-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                           2.1-19.fc33                            @anaconda                 
jitterentropy.x86_64                          2.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                        0.003-31.fc33                          @anaconda                 
js-jquery.noarch                              3.5.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
json-c.x86_64                                 0.14-7.fc33                            @anaconda                 
json-glib.x86_64                              1.6.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
jsoncpp.x86_64                                1.9.4-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch            1:7.210-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
jwhois.x86_64                                 4.0-63.fc33                            @anaconda                 
kbd.x86_64                                    2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
kbd-legacy.noarch                             2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
kbd-misc.noarch                               2.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
kde-filesystem.x86_64                         4-64.fc33                              @fedora                   
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                   005-9.20200220git80aab11.fc33          @anaconda                 
keepass.x86_64                                2.46-2.fc33                            @fedora                   
kernel.x86_64                                 5.8.15-301.fc33                        @anaconda                 
kernel.x86_64                                 5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-core.x86_64                            5.8.15-301.fc33                        @anaconda                 
kernel-core.x86_64                            5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-devel.x86_64                           5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-headers.x86_64                         5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-modules.x86_64                         5.8.15-301.fc33                        @anaconda                 
kernel-modules.x86_64                         5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                   5.8.15-301.fc33                        @anaconda                 
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                   5.10.6-200.fc33                        @updates                  
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                     1.0-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
kexec-tools.x86_64                            2.0.20-21.fc33                         @updates                  
keybinder3.x86_64                             0.3.2-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
keyutils.x86_64                               1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
keyutils-libs.x86_64                          1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                    1.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                         5.78.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                     5.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda                 
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                   5.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda                 
kmod.x86_64                                   27-3.fc33                              @anaconda                 
kmod-VirtualBox-5.10.6-200.fc33.x86_64.x86_64 6.1.16-2.fc33                          @@commandline             
kmod-libs.x86_64                              27-3.fc33                              @anaconda                 
kmod-nvidia.x86_64                            3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
kmod-nvidia-5.10.6-200.fc33.x86_64.x86_64     3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @@commandline             
kmodtool.noarch                               1-41.fc33                              @fedora                   
kpartx.x86_64                                 0.8.4-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
krb5-devel.x86_64                             1.18.2-29.fc33                         @updates                  
krb5-libs.x86_64                              1.18.2-29.fc33                         @updates                  
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                      1.2.78-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ladspa.x86_64                                 1.13-25.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lame.x86_64                                   3.100-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
lame-libs.x86_64                              3.100-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
langpacks-core-en.noarch                      3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                 3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
langpacks-en.noarch                           3.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
langtable.noarch                              0.0.54-1.fc33                          @updates                  
lasem.x86_64                                  0.4.3-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
lasi.x86_64                                   1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lcms2.x86_64                                  2.11-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
ldns.x86_64                                   1.7.0-32.fc33                          @anaconda                 
lensfun.x86_64                                0.3.2-30.fc33                          @updates                  
less.x86_64                                   551-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libICE.x86_64                                 1.0.10-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libICE-devel.x86_64                           1.0.10-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
libIDL.x86_64                                 0.8.14-22.fc33                         @fedora                   
libSM.x86_64                                  1.2.3-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libSM-devel.x86_64                            1.2.3-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libX11.x86_64                                 1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates                  
libX11-common.noarch                          1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates                  
libX11-devel.x86_64                           1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates                  
libX11-xcb.x86_64                             1.6.12-3.fc33                          @updates                  
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                          1.2.3-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                    1.2.3-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXau.x86_64                                 1.0.9-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXau-devel.x86_64                           1.0.9-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXaw.x86_64                                 1.0.13-15.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libXaw-devel.x86_64                           1.0.13-15.fc33                         @fedora                   
libXcomp.x86_64                               3.5.99.25-2.fc33                       @updates                  
libXcomposite.x86_64                          0.4.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                    0.4.5-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXcursor.x86_64                             1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                       1.2.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXdamage.x86_64                             1.1.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                       1.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXdmcp.x86_64                               1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXext.x86_64                                1.3.4-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXext-devel.x86_64                          1.3.4-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXfixes.x86_64                              5.0.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                        5.0.3-12.fc33                          @fedora                   
libXfont2.x86_64                              2.0.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXft.x86_64                                 2.3.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXft-devel.x86_64                           2.3.3-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXi.x86_64                                  1.7.10-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXi-devel.x86_64                            1.7.10-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
libXinerama.x86_64                            1.1.4-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                      1.1.4-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXmu.x86_64                                 1.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXmu-devel.x86_64                           1.1.3-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXpm.x86_64                                 3.5.13-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                           3.5.13-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
libXrandr.x86_64                              1.5.2-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                        1.5.2-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXrender.x86_64                             0.9.10-12.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                       0.9.10-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
libXres.x86_64                                1.2.0-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXt.x86_64                                  1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXt-devel.x86_64                            1.2.0-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
libXtst.x86_64                                1.2.3-12.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXv.x86_64                                  1.0.11-12.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libXv-devel.x86_64                            1.0.11-12.fc33                         @fedora                   
libXvMC.x86_64                                1.0.12-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                            1.1.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                             1.1.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                       1.1.4-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
liba52.x86_64                                 0.7.4-39.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libabw.x86_64                                 0.1.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libacl.x86_64                                 2.2.53-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libaec.x86_64                                 1.0.4-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libaec-devel.x86_64                           1.0.4-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libaio.x86_64                                 0.3.111-10.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libao.x86_64                                  1.2.0-19.fc33                          @fedora                   
libaom.x86_64                                 2.0.1-2.fc33                           @updates                  
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                   12.10.0-29.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                      0.7.17-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libarchive.x86_64                             3.5.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libargon2.x86_64                              20171227-5.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libart_lgpl.x86_64                            2.3.21-24.fc33                         @fedora                   
libass.x86_64                                 0.14.0-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
libassuan.x86_64                              2.5.3-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libasyncns.x86_64                             0.8-19.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libatasmart.x86_64                            0.19-19.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libattr.x86_64                                2.4.48-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libavc1394.x86_64                             0.5.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libavdevice.x86_64                            4.3.1-16.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libax25.x86_64                                1.1.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                          1.5.8-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libbase.noarch                                1.1.3-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
libbasicobjects.x86_64                        0.1.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libblkid.x86_64                               2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libblkid-devel.x86_64                         2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libblockdev.x86_64                            2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                      2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                     2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                         2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                         2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                        2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                       2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                        2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                     2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                      2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                     2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-part.x86_64                       2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                       2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                      2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libbluray.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc33                           @updates                  
libbonobo.x86_64                              2.32.1-19.fc33                         @fedora                   
libbrotli.x86_64                              1.0.9-3.fc33                           @updates                  
libbsd.x86_64                                 0.10.0-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
libburn.x86_64                                1.5.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libbytesize.x86_64                            2.4-1.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libcaca.x86_64                                0.99-0.51.beta19.fc33                  @fedora                   
libcacard.x86_64                              3:2.7.0-5.fc33                         @fedora                   
libcanberra.x86_64                            0.30-23.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                       0.30-23.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcangjie.x86_64                             1.3-14.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libcangjie-data.noarch                        1.3-14.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libcap.x86_64                                 2.26-8.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libcap-ng.x86_64                              0.8-1.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libcbor.x86_64                                0.5.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcddb.x86_64                                1.3.2-33.fc33                          @fedora                   
libcdio.x86_64                                2.1.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                       10.2+2.0.1-3.fc33                      @anaconda                 
libcdr.x86_64                                 0.1.6-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcerf.x86_64                                1.14-1.fc33                            @updates                  
libchamplain.x86_64                           0.12.20-3.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                       0.12.20-3.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libchromaprint.x86_64                         1.5.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libcmis.x86_64                                0.5.2-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libcollection.x86_64                          0.7.0-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libcom_err.x86_64                             1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                       1.45.6-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
libcomps.x86_64                               0.1.15-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libconfig.x86_64                              1.7.2-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libcue.x86_64                                 2.2.1-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libcurl.x86_64                                7.71.1-8.fc33                          @updates                  
libcurl-devel.x86_64                          7.71.1-8.fc33                          @updates                  
libdaemon.x86_64                              0.14-20.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libdatrie.x86_64                              0.2.9-12.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                        0.2.9-12.fc33                          @fedora                   
libdav1d.x86_64                               0.7.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
libdb.x86_64                                  5.3.28-45.fc33                         @updates                  
libdb-devel.x86_64                            5.3.28-45.fc33                         @updates                  
libdbusmenu.x86_64                            16.04.0-16.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                       16.04.0-16.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libdc1394.x86_64                              2.2.6-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libdca.x86_64                                 0.0.7-2.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
libde265.x86_64                               1.0.8-1.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
libdhash.x86_64                               0.5.0-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libdmapsharing.x86_64                         2.9.41-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libdmx.x86_64                                 1.1.4-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libdnf.x86_64                                 0.55.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libdrm.x86_64                                 2.4.102-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libdrm-devel.x86_64                           2.4.102-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libdv.x86_64                                  1.0.0-32.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libdvbpsi.x86_64                              1.3.3-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libdvdcss.x86_64                              1.4.2-2.fc33                           @cheese                   
libdvdnav.x86_64                              6.0.1-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libdvdread.x86_64                             6.0.2-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libe-book.x86_64                              0.1.3-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libebml.x86_64                                1.4.0-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libeconf.x86_64                               0.3.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libedit.x86_64                                3.1-33.20191231cvs.fc33                @anaconda                 
libedit-devel.x86_64                          3.1-33.20191231cvs.fc33                @fedora                   
libeot.x86_64                                 0.01-15.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libepoxy.x86_64                               1.5.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libepubgen.x86_64                             0.1.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
liberation-fonts.noarch                       1:2.1.0-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                1:2.1.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                  1:2.1.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                  1:2.1.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                 1:2.1.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch              2:20201218-116.fc33                    @updates                  
libestr.x86_64                                0.1.9-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libetonyek.x86_64                             0.1.9-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libev.x86_64                                  4.33-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libevdev.x86_64                               1.9.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libevent.x86_64                               2.1.8-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libexif.x86_64                                0.6.22-3.fc33                          @updates                  
libexttextcat.x86_64                          3.4.5-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libfaketime.x86_64                            0.9.8-8.fc33                           @fedora                   
libfastjson.x86_64                            0.99.8-7.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libfbclient2.x86_64                           3.0.7.33374-1.fc33                     @updates                  
libfdisk.x86_64                               2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libfdt.x86_64                                 1.6.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libffado.x86_64                               2.4.4-2.fc33                           @updates                  
libffi.x86_64                                 3.1-26.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libffi-devel.x86_64                           3.1-26.fc33                            @fedora                   
libfido2.x86_64                               1.4.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libfontenc.x86_64                             1.1.3-13.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libfonts.noarch                               1.1.3-29.fc33                          @fedora                   
libformula.noarch                             1.1.3-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
libfprint.x86_64                              1.90.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libfreehand.x86_64                            0.1.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libftdi.x86_64                                1.4-6.fc33                             @updates                  
libgadu.x86_64                                1.12.2-12.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libgcab1.x86_64                               1.4-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libgcc.x86_64                                 10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libgcrypt.x86_64                              1.8.7-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libgdata.x86_64                               0.17.13-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libgdiplus.x86_64                             6.0.4-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libgdiplus-devel.x86_64                       6.0.4-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
libgdl.x86_64                                 1:3.34.0-3.fc33                        @fedora                   
libgee.x86_64                                 0.20.3-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libgexiv2.x86_64                              0.12.1-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libgfapi0.x86_64                              8.3-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libgfortran.x86_64                            10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libgfrpc0.x86_64                              8.3-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libgfxdr0.x86_64                              8.3-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libgit2.x86_64                                1.0.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libglade2.x86_64                              2.6.4-24.fc33                          @fedora                   
libglade2-devel.x86_64                        2.6.4-24.fc33                          @fedora                   
libglusterfs0.x86_64                          8.3-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libglvnd.x86_64                               1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                    1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                         1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                           1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                          1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                           1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                        1:1.3.2-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libgnome.x86_64                               2.32.1-21.fc33                         @fedora                   
libgnomekbd.x86_64                            3.26.1-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libgomp.x86_64                                10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libgpg-error.x86_64                           1.41-1.fc33                            @updates                  
libgphoto2.x86_64                             2.5.25-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libgpod.x86_64                                0.8.3-36.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libgpuarray.x86_64                            0.7.6-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
libgrss.x86_64                                0.7.0-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
libgs.x86_64                                  9.53.3-4.fc33                          @updates                  
libgsf.x86_64                                 1.14.47-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libgtop2.x86_64                               2.40.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libgudev.x86_64                               234-1.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libgusb.x86_64                                0.3.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libgweather.x86_64                            3.36.1-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
libgxps.x86_64                                0.3.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libhandy1.x86_64                              1.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libhangul.x86_64                              0.1.0-22.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libheif.x86_64                                1.8.0-1.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
libib-util.x86_64                             3.0.7.33374-1.fc33                     @updates                  
libibumad.x86_64                              32.0-1.fc33                            @updates                  
libibverbs.x86_64                             32.0-1.fc33                            @updates                  
libical.x86_64                                3.0.8-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libical-glib.x86_64                           3.0.8-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
libicu.x86_64                                 67.1-4.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libicu-devel.x86_64                           67.1-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
libid3tag.x86_64                              0.15.1b-33.fc33                        @fedora                   
libidn.x86_64                                 1.36-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libidn2.x86_64                                2.3.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libiec61883.x86_64                            1.2.0-24.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libieee1284.x86_64                            0.2.11-34.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libijs.x86_64                                 0.35-12.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libimagequant.x86_64                          2.12.6-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libimagequant-devel.x86_64                    2.12.6-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
libimobiledevice.x86_64                       1.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                      12.10.1-19.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libini_config.x86_64                          1.3.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libinput.x86_64                               1.16.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libipa_hbac.x86_64                            2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libipt.x86_64                                 2.0.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libiptcdata.x86_64                            1.0.5-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libiscsi.x86_64                               1.19.0-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
libisoburn.x86_64                             1.5.2-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libisofs.x86_64                               1.5.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libjaylink.x86_64                             0.2.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libjcat.x86_64                                0.1.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                          2.0.5-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                    2.0.5-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                    2.0.5-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
libkadm5.x86_64                               1.18.2-29.fc33                         @updates                  
libkate.x86_64                                0.4.1-21.fc33                          @fedora                   
libkcapi.x86_64                               1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                      1.2.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libkkc.x86_64                                 0.3.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libkkc-common.noarch                          0.3.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libkkc-data.x86_64                            1:0.2.7-18.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libksba.x86_64                                1.3.5-13.fc33                          @anaconda                 
liblangtag.x86_64                             0.6.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
liblangtag-data.noarch                        0.6.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
liblayout.noarch                              0.2.10-22.fc33                         @fedora                   
libldac.x86_64                                2.0.2.3-7.fc33                         @fedora                   
libldb.x86_64                                 2.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libloader.noarch                              1.1.3-27.fc33                          @fedora                   
liblockfile.x86_64                            1.14-6.fc33                            @fedora                   
liblqr-1.x86_64                               0.4.2-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
liblrdf.x86_64                                0.5.0-20.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmad.x86_64                                 0.15.1b-30.fc33                        @fedora                   
libmatroska.x86_64                            1.6.2-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                           1.4.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libmbim.x86_64                                1.24.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libmbim-utils.x86_64                          1.24.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libmcpp.x86_64                                2.7.2-26.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmediaart.x86_64                            1.9.4-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
libmetalink.x86_64                            0.1.3-13.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmicrodns.x86_64                            0.1.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libmng.x86_64                                 2.0.3-12.fc33                          @fedora                   
libmnl.x86_64                                 1.0.4-12.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmodman.x86_64                              2.0.1-23.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmodplug.x86_64                             1:0.8.9.0-11.fc33                      @fedora                   
libmodulemd.x86_64                            2.11.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
libmount.x86_64                               2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libmount-devel.x86_64                         2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libmpc.x86_64                                 1.1.0-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libmpcdec.x86_64                              1.2.6-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
libmpeg2.x86_64                               0.5.1-21.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmspack.x86_64                              0.10.1-0.4.alpha.fc33                  @anaconda                 
libmspub.x86_64                               0.1.4-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmtp.x86_64                                 1.1.18-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                        5.1.0-16.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmwaw.x86_64                                0.3.17-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libmypaint.x86_64                             1.6.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
libmysofa.x86_64                              1.1-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
libnatpmp.x86_64                              20150609-12.fc33                       @anaconda                 
libndp.x86_64                                 1.7-6.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libnet.x86_64                                 1.2-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                 1.0.7-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libnfnetlink.x86_64                           1.0.1-18.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libnfs.x86_64                                 4.0.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
libnfsidmap.x86_64                            1:2.5.2-1.rc4.fc33                     @updates                  
libnftnl.x86_64                               1.1.7-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libnghttp2.x86_64                             1.41.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libnice.x86_64                                0.1.17-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                     0.1.17-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libnl3.x86_64                                 3.5.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libnl3-cli.x86_64                             3.5.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libnma.x86_64                                 1.8.30-1.fc33.2                        @anaconda                 
libnotify.x86_64                              0.7.9-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libnsl2.x86_64                                1.2.0-8.20180605git4a062cf.fc33        @anaconda                 
libnumbertext.x86_64                          1.0.6-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
liboauth.x86_64                               1.0.3-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libodfgen.x86_64                              0.1.7-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libogg.x86_64                                 2:1.3.4-3.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libomp.x86_64                                 11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libomp-devel.x86_64                           11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libopenmpt.x86_64                             0.4.16-1.fc33                          @updates                  
liborcus.x86_64                               0.15.3-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libosinfo.x86_64                              1.8.0-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
libotf.x86_64                                 0.9.13-17.fc33                         @fedora                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                           0.0.4-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpaper.x86_64                               1.1.28-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libpasswdqc.x86_64                            1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libpath_utils.x86_64                          0.2.1-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpcap.x86_64                                14:1.9.1-6.fc33                        @updates                  
libpciaccess.x86_64                           0.16-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libpeas.x86_64                                1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                            1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                 1.28.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libphonenumber.x86_64                         8.12.11-1.fc33                         @updates                  
libpinyin.x86_64                              2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                         2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpipeline.x86_64                            1.5.2-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libpkgconf.x86_64                             1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates                  
libplacebo.x86_64                             2.72.0-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
libplist.x86_64                               2.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libpmem.x86_64                                1.9-4.fc33                             @fedora                   
libpng.x86_64                                 2:1.6.37-6.fc33                        @updates                  
libpng-devel.x86_64                           2:1.6.37-6.fc33                        @updates                  
libproxy.x86_64                               0.4.15-25.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libpskc.x86_64                                2.6.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libpsl.x86_64                                 0.21.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpurple.x86_64                              2.14.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libpwquality.x86_64                           1.4.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
libqhull.x86_64                               1:7.2.1-6.fc33                         @fedora                   
libqmi.x86_64                                 1.26.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libqmi-utils.x86_64                           1.26.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                        1.6.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libquadmath.x86_64                            10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                      10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libqxp.x86_64                                 0.0.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
librados2.x86_64                              2:15.2.8-1.fc33                        @updates                  
libraqm.x86_64                                0.7.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libraqm-devel.x86_64                          0.7.0-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
libraw1394.x86_64                             2.1.2-12.fc33                          @anaconda                 
librbd1.x86_64                                2:15.2.8-1.fc33                        @updates                  
librdmacm.x86_64                              32.0-1.fc33                            @updates                  
libref_array.x86_64                           0.1.5-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libreoffice.x86_64                            1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-base.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-core.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-data.noarch                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                 1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64              1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                    1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                    1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-math.x86_64                       1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                   1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch           1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                  1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                      1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                        1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                 1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                     1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                        1:7.0.4.2-3.fc33                       @updates                  
librepo.x86_64                                1.12.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libreport.x86_64                              2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                     2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-cli.x86_64                          2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-fedora.x86_64                       2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-filesystem.noarch                   2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-gtk.x86_64                          2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64              2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64            2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64        2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64       2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64               2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
libreport-web.x86_64                          2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
librepository.noarch                          1.1.3-27.fc33                          @fedora                   
libreswan.x86_64                              4.2-0.1.rc1.fc33                       @updates                  
librevenge.x86_64                             0.0.4-19.fc33                          @anaconda                 
librsvg2.x86_64                               2.50.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libsamplerate.x86_64                          0.1.9-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libsane-airscan.x86_64                        0.99.23-1.fc33                         @updates                  
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                          3.21.2-13.fc33                         @updates                  
libsbc.x86_64                                 1.4-6.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libseccomp.x86_64                             2.5.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libsecret.x86_64                              0.20.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libselinux.x86_64                             3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libselinux-devel.x86_64                       3.1-2.fc33                             @fedora                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                       3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libsemanage.x86_64                            3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libsepol.x86_64                               3.1-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libsepol-devel.x86_64                         3.1-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
libserf.x86_64                                1.3.9-17.fc33                          @fedora                   
libserializer.noarch                          1.1.2-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
libshaderc.x86_64                             2020.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libshout.x86_64                               2.4.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libsigc++20.x86_64                            2.10.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libsigsegv.x86_64                             2.11-11.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libslirp.x86_64                               4.3.1-3.fc33                           @updates                  
libsmartcols.x86_64                           2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libsmbclient.x86_64                           2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
libsmbios.x86_64                              2.4.2-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libsmi.x86_64                                 0.4.8-27.fc33                          @fedora                   
libsndfile.x86_64                             1.0.28-13.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libsodium.x86_64                              1.0.18-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
libsolv.x86_64                                0.7.15-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libsoup.x86_64                                2.72.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libspatialaudio.x86_64                        3.1-1.20200406gitd926a2e.fc33          @fedora                   
libspectre.x86_64                             0.2.9-3.fc33                           @updates                  
libsrtp.x86_64                                2.3.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libss.x86_64                                  1.45.6-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libssh.x86_64                                 0.9.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libssh-config.noarch                          0.9.5-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libssh2.x86_64                                1.9.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                          2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libsss_certmap.x86_64                         2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libsss_idmap.x86_64                           2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                       2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libsss_sudo.x86_64                            2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
libstaroffice.x86_64                          0.0.7-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libstdc++.x86_64                              10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                        10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libstemmer.x86_64                             0-15.585svn.fc33                       @anaconda                 
libsysfs.x86_64                               2.1.0-30.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libtalloc.x86_64                              2.3.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libtar.x86_64                                 1.2.20-20.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libtasn1.x86_64                               4.16.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libtdb.x86_64                                 1.4.3-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libteam.x86_64                                1.31-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libtevent.x86_64                              0.10.2-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libtextstyle.x86_64                           0.21-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libthai.x86_64                                0.1.28-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libthai-devel.x86_64                          0.1.28-5.fc33                          @fedora                   
libtheora.x86_64                              1:1.1.1-28.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libtiff.x86_64                                4.1.0-6.fc33                           @updates                  
libtiff-devel.x86_64                          4.1.0-6.fc33                           @updates                  
libtiff-tools.x86_64                          4.1.0-6.fc33                           @updates                  
libtiger.x86_64                               0.3.4-20.fc33                          @fedora                   
libtimezonemap.x86_64                         0.4.5.1-8.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libtirpc.x86_64                               1.2.6-2.rc4.fc33                       @anaconda                 
libtomcrypt.x86_64                            1.18.2-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libtommath.x86_64                             1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libtool.x86_64                                2.4.6-36.fc33                          @fedora                   
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                           2.4.6-36.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libtracker-sparql3.x86_64                     3.0.2-3.fc33                           @updates                  
libubsan.x86_64                               10.2.1-9.fc33                          @updates                  
libudisks2.x86_64                             2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libunistring.x86_64                           0.9.10-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libunwind.x86_64                              1.4.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libupnp.x86_64                                1.12.1-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
liburing.x86_64                               0.7-3.fc33                             @updates                  
libusal.x86_64                                1.1.11-46.fc33                         @fedora                   
libusb.x86_64                                 1:0.1.7-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
libusbmuxd.x86_64                             2.0.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libusbx.x86_64                                1.0.23-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libuser.x86_64                                0.62-26.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libutempter.x86_64                            1.2.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libuuid.x86_64                                2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
libuv.x86_64                                  1:1.40.0-1.fc33                        @fedora                   
libv4l.x86_64                                 1.20.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libva.x86_64                                  2.9.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libvdpau.x86_64                               1.4-3.fc33                             @fedora                   
libverto.x86_64                               0.3.0-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libverto-devel.x86_64                         0.3.0-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
libverto-libev.x86_64                         0.3.0-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libvisio.x86_64                               0.1.7-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libvisual.x86_64                              1:0.4.0-29.fc33                        @anaconda                 
libvmaf.x86_64                                1.5.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libvncserver.x86_64                           0.9.13-9.fc33                          @fedora                   
libvorbis.x86_64                              1:1.3.7-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
libvpx.x86_64                                 1.9.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libvpx-devel.x86_64                           1.9.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libvpx-utils.x86_64                           1.9.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libwacom.x86_64                               1.6-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libwacom-data.noarch                          1.6-1.fc33                             @updates                  
libwayland-client.x86_64                      1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                      1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                         1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwayland-server.x86_64                      1.18.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwbclient.x86_64                            2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
libwebp.x86_64                                1.1.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                          1.1.0-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
libwinpr.x86_64                               2:2.2.0-4.fc33                         @fedora                   
libwmf.x86_64                                 0.2.12-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                            0.2.12-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwnck3.x86_64                               3.36.0-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
libwpd.x86_64                                 0.10.3-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libwpe.x86_64                                 1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libwpg.x86_64                                 0.3.3-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libwps.x86_64                                 0.4.12-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxcb.x86_64                                 1.13.1-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                           1.13.1-5.fc33                          @fedora                   
libxcrypt.x86_64                              4.4.17-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                       4.4.17-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                        4.4.17-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxdo.x86_64                                 1:3.20150503.1-11.fc33                 @fedora                   
libxfce4ui.x86_64                             4.14.1-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxfce4util.x86_64                           4.14.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                           1.0.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                       1.0.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libxkbfile.x86_64                             1.1.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libxklavier.x86_64                            5.4-16.fc33                            @anaconda                 
libxml++.x86_64                               2.42.0-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
libxml2.x86_64                                2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates                  
libxml2-devel.x86_64                          2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates                  
libxmlb.x86_64                                0.2.1-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libxshmfence.x86_64                           1.3-7.fc33                             @anaconda                 
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                     1.3-7.fc33                             @fedora                   
libxslt.x86_64                                1.1.34-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libyaml.x86_64                                0.2.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libytnef.x86_64                               1:1.9.3-4.fc33                         @fedora                   
libyui.x86_64                                 3.10.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libyui-gtk.x86_64                             2.49.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libyui-mga.x86_64                             1.1.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                         1.1.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                     1.1.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                          1.1.0-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                         2.55.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libyui-qt.x86_64                              2.53.0-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
libyui-qt-graph.x86_64                        2.45.5-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                              2.4.91-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libzmf.x86_64                                 0.0.2-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
libzstd.x86_64                                1.4.7-1.fc33                           @updates                  
lightdm.x86_64                                1.30.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                        1.30.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lightdm-settings.noarch                       1.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
lilv.x86_64                                   0.24.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                         2.5.1-27.fc33                          @anaconda                 
linux-firmware.noarch                         20201218-116.fc33                      @updates                  
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                  20201218-116.fc33                      @updates                  
lirc-libs.x86_64                              0.10.0-23.fc33                         @fedora                   
live555.x86_64                                2020.07.31-2.fc33                      @rpmfusion-free           
lksctp-tools.x86_64                           1.0.18-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
llvm.x86_64                                   11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
llvm-devel.x86_64                             11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
llvm-libs.x86_64                              11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
llvm-static.x86_64                            11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
llvm-test.x86_64                              11.0.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
lm_sensors.x86_64                             3.6.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                        3.6.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lmdb-libs.x86_64                              0.9.27-1.fc33                          @updates                  
lockdev.x86_64                                1.0.4-0.34.20111007git.fc33            @anaconda                 
logrotate.x86_64                              3.17.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                   2.91.5-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                    2.91.5-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                 2.95.4-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                   2.92.4-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                    2.5.4-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                       2.91.2-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                      2.91.3-10.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                     2.5.5-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                     2.1-1.fc33                             @updates                  
lpsolve.x86_64                                5.5.2.0-25.fc33                        @anaconda                 
lrzsz.x86_64                                  0.12.20-51.fc33                        @anaconda                 
lsof.x86_64                                   4.93.2-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
lttng-ust.x86_64                              2.12.0-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
lua.x86_64                                    5.4.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
lua-libs.x86_64                               5.4.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
lua-posix.x86_64                              35.0-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                        1-2.fc33                               @fedora                   
lv2.x86_64                                    1.18.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
lvm2.x86_64                                   2.03.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                              2.03.10-1.fc33                         @anaconda                 
lz4-libs.x86_64                               1.9.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
lzo.x86_64                                    2.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
m17n-db.noarch                                1.8.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
m17n-lib.x86_64                               1.8.0-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
m4.x86_64                                     1.4.18-15.fc33                         @fedora                   
mactel-boot.x86_64                            0.9-23.fc33                            @anaconda                 
mailcap.noarch                                2.1.49-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
make.x86_64                                   1:4.3-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
man-db.x86_64                                 2.9.2-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
man-pages.noarch                              5.07-3.fc33                            @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                    3.1.11-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch             3.1.11-1.fc33                          @updates                  
marisa.x86_64                                 0.2.4-47.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mate-desktop-libs.x86_64                      1.24.1-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mbedtls.x86_64                                2.16.9-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mbedtls-devel.x86_64                          2.16.9-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mbedtls-doc.noarch                            2.16.9-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mbedtls-utils.x86_64                          2.16.9-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mcelog.x86_64                                 3:168-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
mcpp.x86_64                                   2.7.2-26.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mdadm.x86_64                                  4.1-6.fc33                             @anaconda                 
meanwhile.x86_64                              1.1.0-29.fc33                          @anaconda                 
media-player-info.noarch                      23-7.fc33                              @anaconda                 
meld.noarch                                   3.21.0-5.fc33                          @fedora                   
memstrack.x86_64                              0.1.9-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
memtest86+.x86_64                             5.31-0.2.beta.fc33                     @anaconda                 
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                       20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                        20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                            20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                      20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libGL.x86_64                             20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                       20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                            9.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                      9.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                            20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                          20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                      20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                    20.2.6-1.fc33                          @updates                  
metacity.x86_64                               3.36.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
microcode_ctl.x86_64                          2:2.1-43.fc33                          @updates                  
midori.x86_64                                 9.0-7.fc33                             @updates                  
minicom.x86_64                                2.7.1-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
minizip.x86_64                                2.10.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
minizip-compat.x86_64                         1.2.11-23.fc33                         @updates                  
mint-themes.noarch                            1:1.8.7-1.fc33                         @updates                  
mint-themes-gtk3.noarch                       1:1.8.7-1.fc33                         @updates                  
mint-x-icons.noarch                           1.5.9-1.fc33                           @updates                  
mint-y-icons.noarch                           1.5.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
mint-y-theme.noarch                           1:1.8.7-1.fc33                         @updates                  
mintlocale.noarch                             1.4.7-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
mintlocale-set-default-locale.noarch          1.4.7-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
mkpasswd.x86_64                               5.5.7-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
mlocate.x86_64                                0.26-27.fc33                           @updates                  
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch         20190618-4.fc33                        @anaconda                 
moby-engine.x86_64                            19.03.13-1.ce.git4484c46.fc33          @fedora                   
mokutil.x86_64                                2:0.4.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
mono-core.x86_64                              6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-data.x86_64                              6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-data-sqlite.x86_64                       6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-extras.x86_64                            6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-mvc.x86_64                               6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-wcf.x86_64                               6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-web.x86_64                               6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mono-winforms.x86_64                          6.8.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                     1.9-23.fc33                            @anaconda                 
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                       2.1.1-1.fc33                           @fedora-cisco-openh264    
mozjs52.x86_64                                52.9.0-8.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mozjs78.x86_64                                78.6.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mpage.x86_64                                  2.5.7-10.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mpfr.x86_64                                   4.1.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
mpg123-libs.x86_64                            1.26.2-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mscgen.x86_64                                 0.20-30.fc33                           @fedora                   
mtdev.x86_64                                  1.1.5-18.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mtools.x86_64                                 4.0.26-1.fc33                          @updates                  
mtr.x86_64                                    2:0.92-7.fc33                          @anaconda                 
muffin.x86_64                                 4.8.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
mypaint-brushes.noarch                        1.3.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
mythes.x86_64                                 1.2.4-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
mythes-en.noarch                              3.0-30.fc33                            @anaconda                 
nano.x86_64                                   5.3-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
nano-default-editor.noarch                    5.3-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
nautilus.x86_64                               3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
nautilus-dropbox.x86_64                       2020.03.04-1.fc21                      @@commandline             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                    3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ncurses.x86_64                                6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda                 
ncurses-base.noarch                           6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda                 
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                       6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @fedora                   
ncurses-devel.x86_64                          6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @fedora                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                           6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @anaconda                 
ncurses-static.x86_64                         6.2-3.20200222.fc33                    @fedora                   
ndctl.x86_64                                  71.1-1.fc33                            @updates                  
ndctl-libs.x86_64                             71.1-1.fc33                            @updates                  
nemo.x86_64                                   4.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
nemo-extensions.x86_64                        4.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
nemo-fileroller.x86_64                        4.8.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
nemo-image-converter.x86_64                   4.8.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
nemo-preview.x86_64                           4.8.0-1.fc33                           @updates                  
neon.x86_64                                   0.31.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                          1:5.9-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
net-tools.x86_64                              2.0-0.58.20160912git.fc33              @anaconda                 
netpbm.x86_64                                 10.92.00-1.fc33                        @updates                  
netpbm-progs.x86_64                           10.92.00-1.fc33                        @updates                  
nettle.x86_64                                 3.6-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
network-manager-applet.x86_64                 1.18.0-1.fc33.1                        @anaconda                 
nfs-utils.x86_64                              1:2.5.2-1.rc4.fc33                     @updates                  
nftables.x86_64                               1:0.9.3-6.fc33                         @anaconda                 
nginx.x86_64                                  1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-all-modules.noarch                      1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-filesystem.noarch                       1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-mimetypes.noarch                        2.1.49-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64            1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                    1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64             1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                         1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                       1:1.20.1-8.fc33                        @updates                  
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                        3-3.fc33                               @fedora                   
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                   1.18.0-1.fc33.1                        @anaconda                 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                              2:7.80-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
node.x86_64                                   0.3.2-28.fc33                          @fedora                   
nodejs.x86_64                                 1:14.15.4-1.fc33                       @updates                  
nodejs-docs.noarch                            1:14.15.4-1.fc33                       @updates                  
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                       1:14.15.4-1.fc33                       @updates                  
nodejs-libs.x86_64                            1:14.15.4-1.fc33                       @updates                  
nodejs-packaging.noarch                       25-1.fc33                              @fedora                   
npm.x86_64                                    1:6.14.10-1.14.15.4.1.fc33             @updates                  
npth.x86_64                                   1.6-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
nspr.x86_64                                   4.29.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
nss.x86_64                                    3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
nss-mdns.x86_64                               0.14.1-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
nss-softokn.x86_64                            3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                     3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
nss-sysinit.x86_64                            3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
nss-tools.x86_64                              3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
nss-util.x86_64                               3.59.0-3.fc33                          @updates                  
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                2:2017.3.23-14.fc33                    @anaconda                 
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64             1.0-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
ntfsprogs.x86_64                              2:2017.3.23-14.fc33                    @anaconda                 
numactl-libs.x86_64                           2.0.14-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
nvidia-persistenced.x86_64                    3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
nvidia-settings.x86_64                        3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
nx-libs.x86_64                                3.5.99.25-2.fc33                       @updates                  
nxproxy.x86_64                                3.5.99.25-2.fc33                       @updates                  
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                      6-3.fc33                               @fedora                   
ocl-icd.x86_64                                2.2.13-1.fc33                          @updates                  
octave.x86_64                                 6:5.2.0-7.fc33                         @fedora                   
octave-communications.x86_64                  1.2.2-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-control.x86_64                         3.2.0-7.fc33                           @updates                  
octave-devel.x86_64                           6:5.2.0-7.fc33                         @fedora                   
octave-doc.noarch                             6:5.2.0-7.fc33                         @fedora                   
octave-general.x86_64                         2.1.0-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-image.x86_64                           2.10.0-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
octave-io.x86_64                              2.6.1-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-miscellaneous.x86_64                   1.3.0-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-odepkg.x86_64                          0.9.1-0.13.20170102hg609.fc33          @updates                  
octave-signal.x86_64                          1.4.1-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-specfun.x86_64                         1.1.0-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
octave-statistics.x86_64                      1.4.1-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
octave-struct.x86_64                          1.0.16-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
octave-symbolic.noarch                        2.9.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
oddjob.x86_64                                 0.34.7-1.fc33                          @updates                  
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                       0.34.7-1.fc33                          @updates                  
onboard.x86_64                                1.4.1-22.fc33                          @updates                  
onboard-data.noarch                           1.4.1-22.fc33                          @updates                  
ongres-scram.noarch                           1.0.0~beta.2-11.fc33                   @fedora                   
ongres-scram-client.noarch                    1.0.0~beta.2-11.fc33                   @fedora                   
open-vm-tools.x86_64                          11.2.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                  11.2.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
openal-soft.x86_64                            1.19.1-9.fc33                          @fedora                   
openbios.noarch                               1:20200725-1.git7f28286.fc33           @fedora                   
openblas.x86_64                               0.3.12-1.fc33                          @updates                  
openblas-openmp.x86_64                        0.3.12-1.fc33                          @updates                  
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                      0.3.12-1.fc33                          @updates                  
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                   2-8.fc33                               @fedora                   
openbox.x86_64                                3.6.1-16.fc33                          @updates                  
openbox-libs.x86_64                           3.6.1-16.fc33                          @updates                  
opencl-filesystem.noarch                      1.0-12.fc33                            @fedora                   
openconnect.x86_64                            8.10-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
opencore-amr.x86_64                           0.1.5-11.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free           
openh264.x86_64                               2.1.1-1.fc33                           @fedora-cisco-openh264    
openjade.x86_64                               1.3.2-65.fc33                          @fedora                   
openjpeg2.x86_64                              2.3.1-10.fc33                          @updates                  
openldap.x86_64                               2.4.50-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
opensc.x86_64                                 0.21.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
opensp.x86_64                                 1.5.2-35.fc33                          @fedora                   
openssh.x86_64                                8.4p1-4.fc33                           @updates                  
openssh-clients.x86_64                        8.4p1-4.fc33                           @updates                  
openssh-server.x86_64                         8.4p1-4.fc33                           @updates                  
openssl.x86_64                                1:1.1.1i-1.fc33                        @updates                  
openssl-devel.x86_64                          1:1.1.1i-1.fc33                        @updates                  
openssl-libs.x86_64                           1:1.1.1i-1.fc33                        @updates                  
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                         0.4.10-7.fc33                          @anaconda                 
openvpn.x86_64                                2.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
opus.x86_64                                   1.3.1-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
opusfile.x86_64                               0.12-2.fc33                            @fedora                   
orc.x86_64                                    0.4.31-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
os-prober.x86_64                              1.77-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
osinfo-db.noarch                              20201218-1.fc33                        @updates                  
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                        1.8.0-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
ostree.x86_64                                 2020.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
ostree-libs.x86_64                            2020.8-1.fc33                          @updates                  
p11-kit.x86_64                                0.23.22-1.fc33                         @updates                  
p11-kit-server.x86_64                         0.23.22-1.fc33                         @updates                  
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                          0.23.22-1.fc33                         @updates                  
p7zip.x86_64                                  16.02-18.fc33                          @fedora                   
p7zip-gui.x86_64                              16.02-18.fc33                          @fedora                   
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                          16.02-18.fc33                          @fedora                   
pakchois.x86_64                               0.4-22.fc33                            @anaconda                 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch              5.0-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
pam.x86_64                                    1.4.0-10.fc33                          @updates                  
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                           1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pango.x86_64                                  1.48.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
pango-devel.x86_64                            1.48.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
pangomm.x86_64                                2.42.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
paper-icon-theme.noarch                       1.5.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
paps.x86_64                                   0.6.8-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
paps-libs.x86_64                              0.6.8-46.fc33                          @anaconda                 
parole.x86_64                                 1.0.5-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
parted.x86_64                                 3.3-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
passwd.x86_64                                 0.80-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
passwdqc.x86_64                               1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                         1.4.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
patch.x86_64                                  2.7.6-13.fc33                          @fedora                   
pavucontrol.x86_64                            4.0-5.fc33                             @fedora                   
pciutils.x86_64                               3.6.4-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pciutils-libs.x86_64                          3.6.4-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pcre.x86_64                                   8.44-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pcre-cpp.x86_64                               8.44-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pcre-devel.x86_64                             8.44-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pcre-utf16.x86_64                             8.44-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pcre-utf32.x86_64                             8.44-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pcre2.x86_64                                  10.36-1.fc33                           @updates                  
pcre2-devel.x86_64                            10.36-1.fc33                           @updates                  
pcre2-syntax.noarch                           10.36-1.fc33                           @updates                  
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                            10.36-1.fc33                           @updates                  
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                            10.36-1.fc33                           @updates                  
pcsc-lite.x86_64                              1.9.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                         1.4.33-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                         1.9.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pentaho-libxml.noarch                         1.1.3-26.fc33                          @fedora                   
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch          1:0.9.4-21.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl.x86_64                                   4:5.32.1-471.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                    1.1903-17.fc33                         @fedora                   
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                       2.38-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                       1.68-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                1.01-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                       2.16-22.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                        5.74-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                         5.74-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-B.x86_64                                 1.80-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                0.24-12.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Benchmark.noarch                         1.23-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                        7.4-21.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                     3.005-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                20191107-4.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                     1.201-7.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                     1.004-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                              2.28-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                 0.12-20.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                         2.150010-457.fc33                      @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch            2.140-458.fc33                         @fedora                   
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                    0.018-458.fc33                         @fedora                   
perl-Cairo.x86_64                             1.108-1.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-Cairo-GObject.x86_64                     1.005-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Carp.noarch                              1.50-457.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                         6.08-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                    0.51-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch            0.08-36.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                   1.36-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch            2.13-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                   1.5-17.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                      0.66-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                  1.19-22.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Clone.x86_64                             0.45-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                    2.28-2.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                2.096-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                 2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                 2.096-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                 0.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Config-General.noarch                    2.63-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                     0.32-458.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                      0.27-21.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                    4.24-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                        0.06-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-DB_File.x86_64                           1.855-1.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                      1.27-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                         1.23-15.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                       2.174-459.fc33                         @anaconda                 
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                      0.110-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Data-Section.noarch                      0.200007-11.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-Data-UUID.x86_64                         1.226-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                       0.12-23.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                         6.4-17.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                      0.005-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                        6.83-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-DateTime.x86_64                          2:1.52-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch          0.102-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch           0.8300-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch          1:1.77-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                   1.28-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                 2.45-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch         0.010-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch          0.011-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                 0.008-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                      2.06-23.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch           0.14-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                    0.05-24.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                      3.62-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                        1.28-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                 1.06-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                        0.83-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                  1:2.04-7.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Digest.noarch                            1.19-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                       1.03-26.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                        2.58-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                        1:6.02-458.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-DirHandle.noarch                         1.05-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch               0.11-20.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                         2.27-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                        1.47-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch              0.003-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                 1.005-17.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                            4:3.08-458.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                 0.03-31.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Encode-HanExtra.x86_64                   0.23-31.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Encode-JIS2K.x86_64                      0.03-16.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                     1.05-18.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                      4:3.08-458.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-English.noarch                           1.11-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Env.noarch                               1.04-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Errno.x86_64                             1.30-471.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Error.noarch                             1:0.17029-4.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                      0.14-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                   1.44-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                          5.74-458.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                     1.002002-3.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                 1:0.280235-1.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                  2:7.46-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                 0.25-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                    1.35-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                  2.16-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                 2:7.46-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                2:7.46-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                 1:1.72-457.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                 1.09-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                  1:3.40-457.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                             1.13-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-File-Basename.noarch                     2.85-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-File-Compare.noarch                      1.100.600-465.fc33                     @updates                  
perl-File-Copy.noarch                         2.34-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                      1.12-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                        1.00-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-File-Find.noarch                         1.37-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                    0.34-16.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                      1.004-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Listing.noarch                      6.07-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-File-Path.noarch                         2.18-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                     1.116-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                      0.012-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                         1:0.231.100-1.fc33                     @updates                  
perl-File-Which.noarch                        1.23-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-File-stat.noarch                         1.09-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-FileCache.noarch                         1.10-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-FileHandle.noarch                        2.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Filesys-Df.x86_64                        0.92-39.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                            2:1.60-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                     0.96-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-FindBin.noarch                           1.51-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                          1.06-14.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-GD.x86_64                                2.73-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                        1.15-36.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                         1.18-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                            0.28-32.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                       1:2.52-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                        1.12-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Git.noarch                               2.29.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Glib.x86_64                              1.3293-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Glib-Object-Introspection.x86_64         0.049-2.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-GooCanvas2.noarch                        0.06-9.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Graphics-TIFF.x86_64                     7-1.fc33                               @updates                  
perl-Gtk3.noarch                              0.037-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Gtk3-SimpleList.noarch                   0.21-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                       3.75-2.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                       3.20-44.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                      6.10-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                         6.05-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                      6.26-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                    6.01-27.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                         0.076-457.fc33                         @anaconda                 
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                         0.23-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64               1.20-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                      1.02-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                     0.44-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                     0.19-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-IO.x86_64                                1.43-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                       2.096-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                  2.096-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                           1.001-18.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                      0.41-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                     2.068-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-IO-String.noarch                         1.08-40.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                           1:1.10-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                           2:1.04-458.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                         1.21-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                          0.048-20.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                          2.08-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                 1.30-3.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Image-Sane.x86_64                        5-5.fc33                               @fedora                   
perl-Importer.noarch                          0.026-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-JSON.noarch                              4.02-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                           1:4.05-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                           1:4.02-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-LDAP.noarch                              1:0.66-9.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                    6.04-6.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                6.10-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                     0.18-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                    0.428-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                 0.428-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                    0.58-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                      0.11-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                      3.66-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                   1.29-458.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch            1:0.21-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-Locale-gettext.x86_64                    1.07-18.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                      2.70-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch           1.36-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                      1.52-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                       3.16-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                      1.012.2-12.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                         3.031-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                        2.17-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                        0.13-12.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                       1:0.903-13.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                     0.80-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-MailTools.noarch                         2.21-6.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                       1:1.9998.18-457.fc33                   @anaconda                 
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64              0.500.900-457.fc33                     @fedora                   
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                       0.2614-457.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                      1.59-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Memoize.noarch                           1.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Module-Build.noarch                      2:0.42.31-5.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                   1:5.20201220-1.fc33                    @updates                  
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch             1:5.20201220-1.fc33                    @updates                  
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch             0.09-27.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                       1:0.36-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch           0.74-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                     1:0.08-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                   1.000037-457.fc33                      @fedora                   
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                    0.016-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                        20200520-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                         1.15-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-NEXT.noarch                              0.67-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-NTLM.noarch                              1.09-27.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Net.noarch                               1.02-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                          6.20-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                          2.72-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                      1.04-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                        1.88-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                    0.03-27.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                         1.16-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                   0.009-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Opcode.x86_64                            1.47-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-PDF-API2.noarch                          2.037-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                             1.94-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                 1.106-19.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                     0.38-8.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                  0.29-8.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                         2.5-1.fc33                             @fedora                   
perl-Params-Check.noarch                      1:0.38-457.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                   0.015-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                       1.07-31.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                   1.30-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch         0.30-9.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                  1.967015-12.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-PathTools.x86_64                         3.78-458.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                       1.010-458.fc33                         @fedora                   
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                0.008-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch            0.08-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                       4:1.74-1.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                       1:1.07-457.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                     1.13-471.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                          1.25-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                       3.28.01-458.fc33                       @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                        1:3.40-458.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                         4:2.01-1.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Proc-ProcessTable.x86_64                 0.59-6.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Readonly.noarch                          2.05-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                          0.204-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                       0.117-10.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                     2017060201-13.fc33                     @fedora                   
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                         2.001004-4.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                           1.03ii-51.fc33                         @fedora                   
perl-Safe.noarch                              2.41-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                 4:1.55-457.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                       1.07-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                       1.02-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                        1.26-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Set-IntSpan.noarch                       1.19-22.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                            4:2.031-1.fc33                         @updates                  
perl-Software-License.noarch                  0.103014-9.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                          1.33-19.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Specio.noarch                            0.46-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Storable.x86_64                          1:3.21-457.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                      0.987-24.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch          0.001013-13.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                      0.14-14.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                       0.928-25.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Symbol.noarch                            1.08-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                      1.23-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                        0.36-458.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                    5.01-458.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                          1.17-457.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                     1.403-465.fc33                         @updates                  
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                     1.17-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                     0.002-32.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                    0.031-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Term-Table.noarch                        0.015-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                       2.38-8.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Test.noarch                              1.31-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                      1:3.42-458.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                       3:1.302181-2.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                       1.02-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                     2.03-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                       0.88-6.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                          2.00-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                         1.45-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                         0.11-12.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                   3.30-457.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                        3.5-17.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                      3.05-17.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                    2013.0523-457.fc33                     @anaconda                 
perl-Text-Template.noarch                     1.59-2.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                    1.30-13.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Thread.noarch                            3.05-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                      3.14-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                  2.13-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Tie.noarch                               4.6-465.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                         1.225-11.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Tie-File.noarch                          1.06-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                       1.1-465.fc33                           @updates                  
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                       1.39-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Time.noarch                              1.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                        4:1.9764-459.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-Time-Local.noarch                        2:1.300-4.fc33                         @anaconda                 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                        1.3401-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-TimeDate.noarch                          1:2.33-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                          0.30-10.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                  1.0-20.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-URI.noarch                               1.76-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                   1.29-1.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch            12.0-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                 2019.001-8.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                 1.27-458.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                       0.75-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-User-pwent.noarch                        1.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                    0.62-11.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                    6.02-26.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                        0.81-38.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                        1:2.0205-3.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                 1.01-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                       1.99-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch              1.12-12.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                        2.46-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                           1.02-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                      1.09-12.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                        0.625-18.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                         1.44-7.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-XString.x86_64                           0.002-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-autodie.noarch                           2.32-458.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-autouse.noarch                           1.11-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-autovivification.x86_64                  0.18-11.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-base.noarch                              2.27-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-bignum.noarch                            0.51-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-blib.noarch                              1.07-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-common-sense.x86_64                      3.7.5-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
perl-constant.noarch                          1.33-458.fc33                          @anaconda                 
perl-debugger.noarch                          1.56-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-deprecate.noarch                         0.04-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-devel.x86_64                             4:5.32.1-471.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-diagnostics.noarch                       1.37-471.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-doc.noarch                               5.32.0-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-encoding.x86_64                          4:3.00-458.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                 0.13-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-experimental.noarch                      0.022-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-fields.noarch                            2.27-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-filetest.noarch                          1.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-if.noarch                                0.60.800-465.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-inc-latest.noarch                        2:0.500-17.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-interpreter.x86_64                       4:5.32.1-471.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-less.noarch                              0.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-lib.x86_64                               0.65-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                      1.31-8.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-libnet.noarch                            3.13-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                         4:5.32.0-465.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-libs.x86_64                              4:5.32.1-471.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                       6.52-1.fc33                            @updates                  
perl-local-lib.noarch                         2.000024-10.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-locale.noarch                            1.09-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-macros.noarch                            4:5.32.0-465.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-meta-notation.noarch                     5.32.0-465.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-mro.x86_64                               1.23-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch               0.29-5.fc33                            @fedora                   
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                   0.27-15.fc33                           @fedora                   
perl-open.noarch                              1.12-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-overload.noarch                          1.31-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-overloading.noarch                       0.02-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-parent.noarch                            1:0.238-457.fc33                       @anaconda                 
perl-perlfaq.noarch                           5.20201107-1.fc33                      @updates                  
perl-ph.x86_64                                5.32.1-471.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-podlators.noarch                         1:4.14-457.fc33                        @anaconda                 
perl-sigtrap.noarch                           1.09-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-sort.noarch                              2.04-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                       1-38.fc33                              @fedora                   
perl-subs.noarch                              1.03-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-threads.x86_64                           1:2.25-457.fc33                        @fedora                   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                    1.61-457.fc33                          @fedora                   
perl-utils.noarch                             5.32.1-471.fc33                        @updates                  
perl-vars.noarch                              1.05-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perl-version.x86_64                           7:0.99.28-1.fc33                       @fedora                   
perl-vmsish.noarch                            1.04-465.fc33                          @updates                  
perltidy.noarch                               20201001-1.fc33                        @fedora                   
pidgin.x86_64                                 2.14.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
pigz.x86_64                                   2.4-7.fc33                             @anaconda                 
pinentry.x86_64                               1.1.0-9.fc33                           @updates                  
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                           1.1.0-9.fc33                           @updates                  
pinfo.x86_64                                  0.6.10-26.fc33                         @anaconda                 
pipewire.x86_64                               0.3.19-3.fc33                          @updates                  
pipewire-libs.x86_64                          0.3.19-3.fc33                          @updates                  
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                       0.2.7-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pixman.x86_64                                 0.40.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
pixman-devel.x86_64                           0.40.0-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                          1.22-11.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pkgconf.x86_64                                1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates                  
pkgconf-m4.noarch                             1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates                  
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                     1.7.3-5.fc33                           @updates                  
plymouth.x86_64                               0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                     0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                 0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                  0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64               0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                       0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                  0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                 0.9.4-16.20200325gite31c81f.fc33       @anaconda                 
policycoreutils.x86_64                        3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch           3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
polkit.x86_64                                 0.117-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
polkit-gnome.x86_64                           0.106-0.7.20170423gita0763a2.fc33      @anaconda                 
polkit-libs.x86_64                            0.117-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                     0.1-18.fc33                            @anaconda                 
poppler.x86_64                                0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
poppler-cpp.x86_64                            0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
poppler-data.noarch                           0.4.9-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
poppler-glib.x86_64                           0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
poppler-utils.x86_64                          0.90.0-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
popt.x86_64                                   1.18-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
portaudio.x86_64                              19-32.fc33                             @fedora                   
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                        42.2.18-1.fc33                         @updates                  
potrace.x86_64                                1.16-4.fc33                            @fedora                   
powerline.x86_64                              2.8-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
powerline-fonts.noarch                        2.8-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
ppp.x86_64                                    2.4.8-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
pptp.x86_64                                   1.10.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
procps-ng.x86_64                              3.3.16-2.fc33                          @updates                  
protobuf.x86_64                               3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                             1.3.3-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                      3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
protobuf-devel.x86_64                         3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
protobuf-lite.x86_64                          3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
psacct.x86_64                                 6.6.4-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
psmisc.x86_64                                 23.3-4.fc33                            @anaconda                 
pt-sans-fonts.noarch                          20141121-18.fc33                       @anaconda                 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                20190417-4.fc33                        @anaconda                 
pugixml.x86_64                                1.11.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
pulseaudio.x86_64                             14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                        14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                  14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64            14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                  14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                       14.0-2.fc33                            @updates                  
pygobject2.x86_64                             2.28.7-11.fc33                         @fedora                   
pygtk2.x86_64                                 2.24.0-33.fc33                         @fedora                   
python-pip-wheel.noarch                       20.2.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                  5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates                  
python-rpm-macros.noarch                      3.9-11.fc33                            @updates                  
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                49.1.3-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python-srpm-macros.noarch                     3.9-11.fc33                            @updates                  
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                     234-14.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python-typeshed.noarch                        1:0.1-0.20191011git2.fc33              @updates                  
python-unversioned-command.noarch             3.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python2-cairo.x86_64                          1.18.2-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                     3.9-11.fc33                            @updates                  
python2.7.x86_64                              2.7.18-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
python3.x86_64                                3.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-Cython.x86_64                         0.29.21-3.fc33                         @fedora                   
python3-GitPython.noarch                      3.1.11-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-abrt.x86_64                           2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                     2.14.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-argcomplete.noarch                    1.12.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-audit.x86_64                          3.0-1.fc33                             @updates                  
python3-augeas.noarch                         0.5.0-22.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-beaker.noarch                         1.10.0-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                 4.9.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-blivet.noarch                         1:3.3.0-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
python3-blockdev.x86_64                       2.24-6.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-bytesize.x86_64                       2.4-1.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-cached_property.noarch                1.5.1-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-cairo.x86_64                          1.18.2-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-cairocffi.noarch                      1.1.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-cairosvg.noarch                       2.4.2-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-canberra.noarch                       0-0.25.git88c53cd.fc33                 @anaconda                 
python3-cangjie.x86_64                        1.2-23.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-caribou.noarch                        0.4.21-22.fc33                         @anaconda                 
python3-cffi.x86_64                           1.14.1-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-chardet.noarch                        3.0.4-18.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-crypto.x86_64                         2.6.1-32.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                   3.2.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-cssselect2.noarch                     0.3.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-cups.x86_64                           2.0.1-7.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-cycler.noarch                         0.10.0-16.fc33                         @fedora                   
python3-dasbus.noarch                         1.4-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-dateutil.noarch                       1:2.8.1-2.fc33                         @anaconda                 
python3-dbus.x86_64                           1.2.16-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-decorator.noarch                      4.4.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-defusedxml.noarch                     0.7.0~rc1-3.fc33                       @anaconda                 
python3-devel.x86_64                          3.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-distro.noarch                         1.5.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-dnf.noarch                            4.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch               4.0.18-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                      0.3.20-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-enchant.noarch                        3.1.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-fastcache.x86_64                      1.1.0-8.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-firewall.noarch                       0.8.4-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-future.noarch                         0.18.2-8.fc33                          @fedora                   
python3-gettext.noarch                        4.0-1.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-gitdb.noarch                          4.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-gmpy2.x86_64                          2.1.0-0.19.b5.fc33                     @fedora                   
python3-gobject.x86_64                        3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                   3.38.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-gpg.x86_64                            1.14.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-hawkey.x86_64                         0.55.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-humanize.noarch                       0.5.1-24.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-idna.noarch                           2.10-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-inotify.noarch                        0.9.6-22.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-kickstart.noarch                      3.29-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                     1.3.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-langtable.noarch                      0.0.54-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-libcomps.x86_64                       0.1.15-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                         0.55.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-libreport.x86_64                      2.14.0-15.fc33                         @updates                  
python3-libs.x86_64                           3.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-libselinux.x86_64                     3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                    3.1-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                        2.9.10-8.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-lit.noarch                            0.11.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-lxml.x86_64                           4.5.1-3.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-mako.noarch                           1.1.3-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-manatools.noarch                      0.0.3-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                     1.1.1-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                     3.3.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                3.3.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch          3.3.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                  3.3.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-meh.noarch                            0.50-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                        0.50-1.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-mpmath.noarch                         1.1.0-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-mypy.noarch                           0.782-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                0.4.3-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                       1:0.9.3-6.fc33                         @anaconda                 
python3-numexpr.x86_64                        2.7.1-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-numpy.x86_64                          1:1.19.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                     1:1.19.4-1.fc33                        @updates                  
python3-olefile.noarch                        0.46-12.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pam.noarch                            1.8.4-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-paste.noarch                          3.4.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pexpect.noarch                        4.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pid.noarch                            2.2.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pillow.x86_64                         7.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pip.noarch                            20.2.2-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-ply.noarch                            3.11-9.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                3.1-4.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-productmd.noarch                      1.30-1.fc33                            @updates                  
python3-progressbar2.noarch                   3.51.4-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
python3-protobuf.noarch                       3.12.4-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                         5.7.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                     0.6.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pwquality.x86_64                      1.4.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                      19.1.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                        2.38.0-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pycparser.noarch                      2.20-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-pycurl.x86_64                         7.43.0.5-6.fc33                        @anaconda                 
python3-pydbus.noarch                         0.6.0-14.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pygit2.x86_64                         1.3.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pyglet.noarch                         1.4.6-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-pygpu.x86_64                          0.7.6-9.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-pyparsing.noarch                      2.4.7-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-pyparted.x86_64                       1:3.11.5-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                      4.19.24-1.fc33                         @fedora                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                        1.7.1-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pystray.noarch                        0.17.1-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pytz.noarch                           2020.5-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-pyudev.noarch                         0.22.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-pyxdg.noarch                          0.26-11.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                         5.3.1-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-qt5.x86_64                            5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                       5.15.0-4.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-reportlab.x86_64                      3.5.57-1.fc33                          @updates                  
python3-requests.noarch                       2.24.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-requests-download.noarch              0.1.2-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                  1.4.3-16.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                   0.3.1-20.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-rpm.x86_64                            4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                 11-11.fc33                             @fedora                   
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                     3.9-11.fc33                            @updates                  
python3-scipy.x86_64                          1.5.2-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-scour.noarch                          0.38.1-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
python3-setools.x86_64                        4.3.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                   1.1.10-19.fc33                         @anaconda                 
python3-setuptools.noarch                     49.1.3-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-simpleline.noarch                     1.7-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
python3-six.noarch                            1.15.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-slip.noarch                           0.6.4-21.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                      0.6.4-21.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-smmap.noarch                          3.0.1-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-soupsieve.noarch                      2.0.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-sympy.noarch                          1.7.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-systemd.x86_64                        234-14.fc33                            @anaconda                 
python3-tempita.noarch                        0.5.1-28.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-theano.noarch                         1.0.5-1.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-tinycss2.noarch                       1.0.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-tkinter.x86_64                        3.9.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                      1.4.3-4.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-typing-extensions.noarch              3.7.4.2-3.fc33                         @fedora                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                        1.10.1-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-urllib3.noarch                        1.25.8-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-utils.noarch                          2.4.0-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
python3-webencodings.noarch                   0.5.1-13.fc33                          @anaconda                 
python3-xapp.noarch                           2.0.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                2.0.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
python3-xcffib.noarch                         0.9.0-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
python3-xlib.noarch                           0.28-2.fc33                            @updates                  
python3-yui.x86_64                            2.0.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                        2.0.1-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
qdirstat.x86_64                               1.7.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
qemu.x86_64                                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                          2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                     2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-common.x86_64                            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64               2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-img.x86_64                               2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64               2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-alpha.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-alpha-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-avr.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-avr-core.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-cris.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-cris-core.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-lm32.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-lm32-core.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-m68k.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-m68k-core.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-microblaze.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-microblaze-core.x86_64            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-mips.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-mips-core.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-moxie.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-moxie-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-nios2.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-nios2-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-or1k.x86_64                       2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-or1k-core.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-ppc.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-ppc-core.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-rx.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-rx-core.x86_64                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-s390x.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-s390x-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-sh4.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-sh4-core.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-sparc.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-sparc-core.x86_64                 2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-tricore.x86_64                    2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-tricore-core.x86_64               2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-unicore32.x86_64                  2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-unicore32-core.x86_64             2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                        2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                   2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-xtensa.x86_64                     2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-system-xtensa-core.x86_64                2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                         2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                            2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                      2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qemu-user.x86_64                              2:5.1.0-9.fc33                         @updates                  
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                     0.8.9-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
qpdf-libs.x86_64                              10.1.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
qrencode-libs.x86_64                          4.0.2-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
qrupdate.x86_64                               1.1.2-21.fc33                          @fedora                   
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                         2.11.2-11.fc33                         @fedora                   
qt.x86_64                                     1:4.8.7-57.fc33                        @fedora                   
qt-common.noarch                              1:4.8.7-57.fc33                        @fedora                   
qt-devel.x86_64                               1:4.8.7-57.fc33                        @fedora                   
qt-settings.noarch                            33.0-3.fc33                            @updates                  
qt-x11.x86_64                                 1:4.8.7-57.fc33                        @fedora                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                             5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                      5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                         5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                     5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                      5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                         5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                          5.15.2-4.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                              5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                        5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                     5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64              5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                  5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                          5.15.2-3.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                       5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                        5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                      5.15.2-2.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                        5.15.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
quota.x86_64                                  1:4.05-16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
quota-nls.noarch                              1:4.05-16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
qwt.x86_64                                    6.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
qwt-devel.x86_64                              6.1.5-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
raptor2.x86_64                                2.0.15-26.fc33                         @anaconda                 
rasqal.x86_64                                 0.9.33-14.fc33                         @anaconda                 
rav1e-libs.x86_64                             0.4.0~alpha-0.1.fc33                   @updates                  
rcs.x86_64                                    5.10.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
rdma-core.x86_64                              32.0-1.fc33                            @updates                  
readline.x86_64                               8.0-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
readline-devel.x86_64                         8.0-5.fc33                             @fedora                   
realmd.x86_64                                 0.16.3-25.fc33                         @anaconda                 
redhat-menus.noarch                           12.0.2-18.fc33                         @anaconda                 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                      174-1.fc33                             @updates                  
redland.x86_64                                1.0.17-20.fc33                         @anaconda                 
redshift.x86_64                               1.12-10.fc33                           @updates                  
redshift-gtk.x86_64                           1.12-10.fc33                           @updates                  
reiserfs-utils.x86_64                         2:3.6.27-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
remmina.x86_64                                1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-exec.x86_64                   1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-nx.x86_64                     1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-rdp.x86_64                    1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-secret.x86_64                 1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-st.x86_64                     1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-vnc.x86_64                    1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
remmina-plugins-xdmcp.x86_64                  1.4.10-1.fc33                          @updates                  
rest.x86_64                                   0.8.1-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
rhash.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
rhythmbox.x86_64                              3.4.4-7.fc33                           @updates                  
rlwrap.x86_64                                 0.44-1.fc33                            @updates                  
rng-tools.x86_64                              6.10-5.fc33                            @anaconda                 
rootfiles.noarch                              8.1-28.fc33                            @anaconda                 
rpcbind.x86_64                                1.2.5-5.rc1.fc33.3                     @anaconda                 
rpcgen.x86_64                                 1.4-6.fc33                             @fedora                   
rpm.x86_64                                    4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-build.x86_64                              4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                         4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-libs.x86_64                               4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                     4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64             4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                          4.16.1.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rpmdevtools.noarch                            9.2-1.fc33                             @fedora                   
rpmfusion-free-obsolete-packages.noarch       33-1.fc33                              @rpmfusion-free           
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                 33-1                                   @@commandline             
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch              33-1                                   @@commandline             
rsync.x86_64                                  3.2.3-3.fc33                           @updates                  
rsyslog.x86_64                                8.2010.0-1.fc33                        @updates                  
rtkit.x86_64                                  0.11-25.fc33                           @anaconda                 
rtl-sdr.x86_64                                0.6.0-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
runc.x86_64                                   2:1.0.0-279.dev.gitdedadbf.fc33        @fedora                   
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                       16-1.fc33                              @updates                  
sac.noarch                                    1.3-34.fc33                            @fedora                   
samba.x86_64                                  2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-client.x86_64                           2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-client-libs.x86_64                      2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-common.noarch                           2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-common-libs.x86_64                      2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-common-tools.x86_64                     2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
samba-libs.x86_64                             2:4.13.3-0.fc33                        @updates                  
sane-airscan.x86_64                           0.99.23-1.fc33                         @updates                  
sane-backends.x86_64                          1.0.31-3.fc33                          @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64          1.0.31-3.fc33                          @updates                  
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64         1.0.31-3.fc33                          @updates                  
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                     1.0.31-3.fc33                          @updates                  
sane-frontends.x86_64                         1.0.14-37.fc33                         @fedora                   
satyr.x86_64                                  0.35-1.fc33                            @updates                  
schroedinger.x86_64                           1.0.11-23.fc33                         @fedora                   
screen.x86_64                                 4.8.0-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
seabios-bin.noarch                            1.14.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
seahorse.x86_64                               3.38.0.1-1.fc33                        @updates                  
seavgabios-bin.noarch                         1.14.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
sed.x86_64                                    4.8-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
selinux-policy.noarch                         3.14.6-33.fc33                         @updates                  
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                3.14.6-33.fc33                         @updates                  
serd.x86_64                                   0.30.6-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
setroubleshoot.x86_64                         3.3.24-1.fc33                          @updates                  
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                 3.3.12-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                  3.3.24-1.fc33                          @updates                  
setup.noarch                                  2.13.7-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                         1.45-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
sgabios-bin.noarch                            1:0.20180715git-5.fc33                 @fedora                   
sgml-common.noarch                            0.6.3-55.fc33                          @fedora                   
sgpio.x86_64                                  1.2.0.10-26.fc33                       @anaconda                 
shadow-utils.x86_64                           2:4.8.1-5.fc33                         @updates                  
shared-mime-info.x86_64                       2.0-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
shim-ia32.x86_64                              15-8                                   @anaconda                 
shim-x64.x86_64                               15-8                                   @anaconda                 
shotwell.x86_64                               0.31.3-3.fc33                          @updates                  
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                   1.200-20.fc33                          @anaconda                 
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                      1.000-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                        2.200-1.fc33                           @updates                  
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                       3.003-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
simple-scan.x86_64                            3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
simplescreenrecorder.x86_64                   0.4.3-1.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free-updates   
skkdic.noarch                                 20200128-2.T1339.fc33                  @anaconda                 
slang.x86_64                                  2.3.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
slick-greeter.x86_64                          1.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
slick-greeter-cinnamon.noarch                 1.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
smartmontools.x86_64                          1:7.1-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                        7.0.3-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
snappy.x86_64                                 1.1.8-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
sni-qt.x86_64                                 0.2.7-0.7.20170217.fc33                @fedora                   
socat.x86_64                                  1.7.3.4-3.fc33                         @fedora                   
sombok.x86_64                                 2.4.0-13.fc33                          @fedora                   
sord.x86_64                                   0.16.6-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
sos.noarch                                    4.0-2.fc33                             @anaconda                 
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                0.8-14.fc33                            @anaconda                 
soundtouch.x86_64                             2.1.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
source-highlight.x86_64                       3.1.9-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
sox.x86_64                                    14.4.2.0-29.fc33                       @fedora                   
soxr.x86_64                                   0.1.3-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
speex.x86_64                                  1.2.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
speexdsp.x86_64                               1.2.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
spice-server.x86_64                           0.14.3-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                          0.20.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                       2020.5-1.20200803.git92a7165.fc33      @fedora                   
sqlite.x86_64                                 3.34.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
sqlite-devel.x86_64                           3.34.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
sqlite-libs.x86_64                            3.34.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                          3.12.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
squashfs-tools.x86_64                         4.4-2.20200513gitc570c61.fc33          @anaconda                 
sratom.x86_64                                 0.6.6-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
srt-libs.x86_64                               1.4.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
sssd.x86_64                                   2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-ad.x86_64                                2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-client.x86_64                            2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-common.x86_64                            2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                        2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-ipa.x86_64                               2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-kcm.x86_64                               2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-krb5.x86_64                              2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                       2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-ldap.x86_64                              2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                         2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
sssd-proxy.x86_64                             2.4.0-4.fc33                           @updates                  
startup-notification.x86_64                   0.12-20.fc33                           @anaconda                 
stix-fonts.noarch                             2.0.2-8.fc33                           @anaconda                 
stoken-libs.x86_64                            0.92-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
strace.x86_64                                 5.10-1.fc33                            @updates                  
subversion.x86_64                             1.14.0-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                        1.14.0-6.fc33                          @fedora                   
sudo.x86_64                                   1.9.2-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
suitesparse.x86_64                            5.4.0-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
suitesparse64.x86_64                          5.4.0-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
sundials.x86_64                               5.3.0-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
symlinks.x86_64                               1.7-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
syslinux.x86_64                               6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                      6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch             6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                      6.04-0.16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
system-config-printer.x86_64                  1.5.13-3.fc33                          @updates                  
system-config-printer-libs.noarch             1.5.13-3.fc33                          @updates                  
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64             1.5.13-3.fc33                          @updates                  
systemd.x86_64                                246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemd-libs.x86_64                           246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemd-networkd.x86_64                       246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemd-pam.x86_64                            246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                     246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemd-udev.x86_64                           246.7-2.fc33                           @updates                  
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                    4.4-2.fc33                             @updates                  
t1lib.x86_64                                  5.1.2-27.fc33                          @anaconda                 
taglib.x86_64                                 1.11.1-13.fc33                         @anaconda                 
tar.x86_64                                    2:1.32-6.fc33                          @anaconda                 
tbb.x86_64                                    2020.3-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
tcl.x86_64                                    1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @anaconda                 
tcl-devel.x86_64                              1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @fedora                   
tclx.x86_64                                   8.4.0-36.fc33                          @fedora                   
tclx-devel.x86_64                             8.4.0-36.fc33                          @fedora                   
tcpdump.x86_64                                14:4.9.3-5.fc33                        @updates                  
teamd.x86_64                                  1.31-2.fc33                            @anaconda                 
teckit.x86_64                                 2.5.9-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
telnet.x86_64                                 1:0.17-81.fc33                         @fedora                   
texinfo.x86_64                                6.7-8.fc33                             @fedora                   
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                      9:svn49596-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ae.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-aleph.x86_64                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-algorithms.noarch                     9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-alphalph.noarch                       9:svn53087-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-amscls.noarch                         9:svn46099-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                       9:svn29208.3.04-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-amsmath.noarch                        9:svn53640-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-antomega.noarch                       9:svn21933.0.8-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-anysize.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-appendix.noarch                       9:svn53718-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                      9:svn38299.1.2.1-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-arphic.noarch                         9:svn15878-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                       9:svn53051-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-attachfile.noarch                     9:svn42099-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                    7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-atveryend.noarch                      9:svn53108-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                   9:svn52849-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-auxhook.noarch                        9:svn53173-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-avantgar.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                     9:svn51776-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-babel.noarch                          9:svn54487-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-babel-english.noarch                  9:svn44495-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-babelbib.noarch                       9:svn50354-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-base.x86_64                           7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-beamer.noarch                         9:svn54841-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bera.noarch                           9:svn20031.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-beton.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-biblatex.noarch                       9:svn53063-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.1a-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-bidi.noarch                           9:svn53615-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bidi-atbegshi.noarch                  9:svn35154.0.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bidicontour.noarch                    9:svn34631.0.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bidipagegrid.noarch                   9:svn34632.0.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bidipresentation.noarch               9:svn35267.0.3-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bidishadowtext.noarch                 9:svn34633.0.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                        9:svn38248.2.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                     9:svn53172-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bitset.noarch                         9:svn53837-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-bookman.noarch                        9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-bookmark.noarch                       9:svn53026-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-booktabs.noarch                       9:svn53402-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-breakurl.noarch                       9:svn29901.1.40-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-breqn.noarch                          9:svn54801-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-businesscard-qrcode.noarch            9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-caption.noarch                        9:svn53517-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-carlisle.noarch                       9:svn47876-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-catchfile.noarch                      9:svn53084-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-changebar.noarch                      9:svn46919-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-changepage.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.0c-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-charter.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-cite.noarch                           9:svn36428.5.5-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-cjk.noarch                            9:svn36951.4.8.4-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-cjk-ko.noarch                         9:svn40373-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-cm.noarch                             9:svn49028-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-cm-super.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-cmap.noarch                           9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-cmextra.noarch                        9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-cns.noarch                            9:svn45677-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collectbox.noarch                     9:svn26557.0.4b-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-collection-basic.noarch               9:svn54186-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch    9:svn54074-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-formatsextra.noarch        9:svn54074-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-latex.noarch               9:svn54074-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch    9:svn54074-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch               9:svn54074-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                  9:svn49086-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-colortbl.noarch                       9:svn53545-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-courier.noarch                        9:svn35058.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-cqubeamer.noarch                      9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-crop.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.5-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-csquotes.noarch                       9:svn53041-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ctable.noarch                         9:svn38672-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                    9:svn38514-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-currfile.noarch                       9:svn40725-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-cyrillic.noarch                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-dehyph.noarch                         9:svn48599-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-dvips.x86_64                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ec.noarch                             9:svn25033.1.0-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-edmac.noarch                          9:svn15878.3.17-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-eepic.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1e-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-enctex.noarch                         9:svn34957.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-enumitem.noarch                       9:svn51423-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-environ.noarch                        9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-eplain.noarch                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                   9:svn53546-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                        9:svn47694-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-etex.noarch                           9:svn37057.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                       9:svn41784-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                       9:svn53171-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                       9:svn52153-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-euenc.noarch                          9:svn19795.0.1h-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-euler.noarch                          9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-eulervm.noarch                        9:svn15878.4.0-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-euro.noarch                           9:svn22191.1.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                        9:svn25714-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-eurosym.noarch                        9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-34.fc33         @updates                  
texlive-everypage.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-extsizes.noarch                       9:svn17263.1.4a-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-fancybox.noarch                       9:svn18304.1.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                       9:svn49886-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fancyref.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.9c-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                       9:svn53392-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-filecontents.noarch                   9:svn52142-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-filehook.noarch                       9:svn53655-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-filemod.noarch                        9:svn24042.1.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-finstrut.noarch                       9:svn21719.0.5-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-fix2col.noarch                        9:svn38770-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                     9:svn21631.1a-34.fc33                  @updates                  
texlive-float.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.3d-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-font-change-xetex.noarch              9:svn40404-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fontbook.noarch                       9:svn23608.0.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                     9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fontspec.noarch                       9:svn53860-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-footmisc.noarch                       9:svn23330.5.5b-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                  9:svn52676-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fp.noarch                             9:svn49719-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-fpl.noarch                            9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                     9:svn37677.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-geometry.noarch                       9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                 9:svn53170-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-gincltex.noarch                       9:svn23835.0.3-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                      7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics.noarch                       9:svn53640-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                   9:svn41448-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                   9:svn54522-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-grfext.noarch                         9:svn53024-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-grffile.noarch                        9:svn52756-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-helvetic.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-hobsub.noarch                         9:svn52810-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hologo.noarch                         9:svn53048-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hycolor.noarch                        9:svn53584-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hyperref.noarch                       9:svn54841-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                      9:svn54568-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                    9:svn54763-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                       9:svn37354.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                        9:svn47544-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                      9:svn40726-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                     9:svn45533-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-iftex.noarch                          9:svn54159-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-index.noarch                          9:svn24099.4.1beta-34.fc33             @updates                  
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                      9:svn53023-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-intcalc.noarch                        9:svn53168-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-interchar.noarch                      9:svn36312.0.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-jadetex.noarch                        7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                       9:svn19440.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-kastrup.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                      9:svn35820.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                    9:svn38627-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-koma-script.noarch                    9:svn54825-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kotex-plain.noarch                    9:svn38630-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kotex-utf.noarch                      9:svn38558-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                   9:svn53193-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                      9:svn52985-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                      9:svn53166-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-l3backend.noarch                      9:svn54259-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                 9:svn53394-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                       9:svn54672-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-l3packages.noarch                     9:svn54131-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lambda.noarch                         9:svn45756-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-latex.noarch                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                    9:svn28888.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-latexbug.noarch                       9:svn52414-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                    9:svn53525-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                    9:svn53022-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lettrine.noarch                       9:svn54560-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lib.x86_64                            7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lineno.noarch                         9:svn21442.4.41-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-listings.noarch                       9:svn54554-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lm.noarch                             9:svn48145-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lm-math.noarch                        9:svn36915.1.959-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-logreq.noarch                         9:svn53003-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lollipop.noarch                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                       9:svn17533.1.74d-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                        9:svn53165-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                        9:svn21927.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                 9:svn29349.0.7.0-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-luabidi.noarch                        9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                  9:svn52663-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lualibs.noarch                        9:svn53682-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                     7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-luatex.x86_64                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                     9:svn52663-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-luatexko.noarch                       9:svn54438-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-lwarp.noarch                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-makecmds.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                      7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                    9:svn54684-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-marginnote.noarch                     9:svn48383-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-marvosym.noarch                       9:svn29349.2.2a-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                       9:svn52663-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mathspec.noarch                       9:svn42773-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mathtools.noarch                      9:svn54516-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.05.4-34.fc33              @updates                  
texlive-memoir.noarch                         9:svn54554-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-metafont.x86_64                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-metalogo.noarch                       9:svn18611.0.12-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-mflogo.noarch                         9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                    9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                         9:svn46036-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mfware.x86_64                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-microtype.noarch                      9:svn52853-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-minitoc.noarch                        9:svn48196-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mltex.noarch                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                       9:svn18651.1.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-modes.noarch                          9:svn53604-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mparhack.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                        7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ms.noarch                             9:svn51784-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-multido.noarch                        9:svn18302.1.42-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-multirow.noarch                       9:svn51278-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-mxedruli.noarch                       9:svn30021.3.3c-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-na-position.noarch                    9:svn48071-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-natbib.noarch                         9:svn20668.8.31b-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-ncctools.noarch                       9:svn51810-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-newfloat.noarch                       9:svn52906-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                     9:svn37675.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-notoccite.noarch                      9:svn18129.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                       9:svn53882-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-omega.noarch                          9:svn33046.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-omegaware.x86_64                      7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-otibet.noarch                         9:svn45777-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-overpic.noarch                        9:svn53889-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-palatino.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-paralist.noarch                       9:svn43021-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-parallel.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-parskip.noarch                        9:svn53503-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-passivetex.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                       9:svn52912-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                      9:svn53082-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                      9:svn53047-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                       9:svn53583-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                     9:svn52913-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pgf.noarch                            9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-philokalia.noarch                     9:svn45356-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-picture.noarch                        9:svn54867-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-placeins.noarch                       9:svn19848.2.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-plain.noarch                          9:svn43076-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                    9:svn54758-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-psfrag.noarch                         9:svn15878.3.04-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-psizzl.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.35-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-pslatex.noarch                        9:svn16416.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-psnfss.noarch                         9:svn54694-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pspicture.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                         9:svn17257.1.10-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                       9:svn37377.1.07-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.01-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.06-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-pst-math.noarch                       9:svn49425-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-node.noarch                       9:svn54687-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                        9:svn45506-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                       9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-text.noarch                       9:svn49542-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                      9:svn54518-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                       9:svn43272-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pstricks.noarch                       9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                   9:svn53763-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ptext.noarch                          9:svn30171.1.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-qstest.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-quran.noarch                          9:svn54333-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-quran-de.noarch                       9:svn54191-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                       9:svn51780-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-rcs.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-realscripts.noarch                    9:svn39706-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-refcount.noarch                       9:svn53164-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                 9:svn54841-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-rsfs.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-sansmath.noarch                       9:svn17997.1.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                 9:svn53628-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-sauerj.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-section.noarch                        9:svn20180.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-sectsty.noarch                        9:svn15878.2.0.2-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-seminar.noarch                        9:svn34011.1.62-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-sepnum.noarch                         9:svn20186.2.0-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-setspace.noarch                       9:svn24881.6.7a-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-showexpl.noarch                       9:svn42677-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-simple-resume-cv.noarch               9:svn43057-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-simple-thesis-dissertation.noarch     9:svn43058-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-soul.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-standalone.noarch                     9:svn47136-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-startex.noarch                        9:svn35718.1.04-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                       9:svn22027.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-stringenc.noarch                      9:svn52982-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-subfig.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.3-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-subfigure.noarch                      9:svn15878.2.1.5-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                       9:svn18017.3.1862-34.fc33              @updates                  
texlive-symbol.noarch                         9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-t2.noarch                             9:svn47870-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tetragonos.noarch                     9:svn49732-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tex.x86_64                            7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                       9:svn48058-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                  9:svn41264-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                  9:svn40533-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch             9:svn54176-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch               9:svn54903-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                     7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch       9:svn54919-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                  7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-texsis.noarch                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-textcase.noarch                       9:svn52092-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                       7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-times.noarch                          9:svn35058.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-tipa.noarch                           9:svn29349.1.3-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-titlesec.noarch                       9:svn52413-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-tools.noarch                          9:svn53640-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-translator.noarch                     9:svn54512-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-transparent.noarch                    9:svn52981-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-txfonts.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-typehtml.noarch                       9:svn17134.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                       9:svn38907-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                   9:svn45024-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-ucs.noarch                            9:svn35853.2.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-uhc.noarch                            9:svn16791.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-ulem.noarch                           9:svn53365-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-underscore.noarch                     9:svn18261.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-unicode-bidi.noarch                   9:svn42482-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                   9:svn54758-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                   9:svn53609-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                  9:svn53162-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-unisugar.noarch                       9:svn22357.0.92-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                     9:svn56618-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-url.noarch                            9:svn32528.3.4-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-utopia.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-varwidth.noarch                       9:svn24104.0.92-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-wadalab.noarch                        9:svn42428-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-was.noarch                            9:svn21439.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-wasy.noarch                           9:svn53533-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                     9:svn53534-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-wasysym.noarch                        9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xcolor.noarch                         9:svn41044-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                           7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xebaposter.noarch                     9:svn42046-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xechangebar.noarch                    9:svn54080-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xecjk.noarch                          9:svn53835-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xecolor.noarch                        9:svn29660.0.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-xecyr.noarch                          9:svn54308-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xeindex.noarch                        9:svn35756.0.3-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-xesearch.noarch                       9:svn16041.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-xespotcolor.noarch                    9:svn40118-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xetex.x86_64                          7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                   9:svn35088.4.2-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                 9:svn17055.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                  9:svn28847.0.1-34.fc33                 @updates                  
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                    9:svn45845-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-xetexko.noarch                        9:svn53826-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xevlna.noarch                         9:svn43864-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xifthen.noarch                        9:svn38929-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                        9:svn35741.2.7a-34.fc33                @updates                  
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                        9:svn49555-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xmltex.noarch                         7:20200327-19.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                   9:svn45845-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xpatch.noarch                         9:svn54563-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xstring.noarch                        9:svn49946-34.fc33                     @updates                  
texlive-xunicode.noarch                       9:svn30466.0.981-34.fc33               @updates                  
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-zapfding.noarch                       9:svn31835.0-34.fc33                   @updates                  
texlive-zref.noarch                           9:svn54098-34.fc33                     @updates                  
tftp.x86_64                                   5.2-31.fc33                            @fedora                   
tftp-server.x86_64                            5.2-31.fc33                            @fedora                   
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch             0.7.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch              0.7.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
thunderbird.x86_64                            78.6.0-1.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc.x86_64                               1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc-icons.noarch                         1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc-license.noarch                       1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                       1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc-server.x86_64                        1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                1.11.0-9.fc33                          @updates                  
time.x86_64                                   1.9-12.fc33                            @updates                  
timidity++.x86_64                             2.14.0-21.fc33                         @fedora                   
tint2.x86_64                                  16.7-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
tix.x86_64                                    1:8.4.3-29.fc33                        @fedora                   
tk.x86_64                                     1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @fedora                   
tk-devel.x86_64                               1:8.6.10-5.fc33                        @fedora                   
tmux.x86_64                                   3.1c-1.fc33                            @updates                  
tmux-powerline.noarch                         2.8-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
totem.x86_64                                  1:3.38.0-2.fc33                        @updates                  
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                        3.26.5-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
tpm2-tss.x86_64                               3.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
traceroute.x86_64                             3:2.1.0-12.fc33                        @anaconda                 
tracker3.x86_64                               3.0.2-3.fc33                           @updates                  
tracker3-miners.x86_64                        3.0.3-1.fc33                           @updates                  
transfig.x86_64                               1:3.2.7b-3.fc33                        @fedora                   
transmission.x86_64                           3.00-5.fc33                            @updates                  
transmission-common.x86_64                    3.00-5.fc33                            @updates                  
transmission-gtk.x86_64                       3.00-5.fc33                            @updates                  
tree.x86_64                                   1.8.0-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
trousers.x86_64                               0.3.14-4.fc33                          @updates                  
trousers-lib.x86_64                           0.3.14-4.fc33                          @updates                  
ttmkfdir.x86_64                               3.0.9-62.fc33                          @fedora                   
twolame-libs.x86_64                           0.3.13-16.fc33                         @anaconda                 
tzdata.noarch                                 2020f-1.fc33                           @updates                  
tzdata-java.noarch                            2020f-1.fc33                           @updates                  
udisks2.x86_64                                2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                          2.9.1-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
unace.i686                                    2.50-18.fc32                           @rpmfusion-nonfree        
unbound-libs.x86_64                           1.10.1-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
unicode-ucd.noarch                            13.0.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
unpaper.x86_64                                0.3-24.fc33                            @fedora                   
unrar.x86_64                                  6.0.3-1.fc33                           @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
unzip.x86_64                                  6.0-49.fc33                            @anaconda                 
upower.x86_64                                 0.99.11-6.fc33                         @anaconda                 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch               20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                  20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch              20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                       20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch        20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch          20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch           20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                  20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch   20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                  20200910-1.fc33                        @updates                  
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                         2.6.1-1.fc33                           @updates                  
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                    20191128-3.fc33                        @anaconda                 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                1.1.1-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
usbredir.x86_64                               0.8.0-5.fc33                           @fedora                   
usbutils.x86_64                               012-5.fc33                             @anaconda                 
usermode.x86_64                               1.112-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                          0.12.1-2.fc33                          @fedora                   
utf8proc.x86_64                               2.4.0-4.fc33                           @fedora                   
util-linux.x86_64                             2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
util-linux-user.x86_64                        2.36.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
valgrind.x86_64                               1:3.16.1-11.fc33                       @updates                  
valgrind-devel.x86_64                         1:3.16.1-11.fc33                       @updates                  
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                        2.9.0-2.fc33                           @fedora                   
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                       48-9.fc33                              @fedora                   
vconfig.x86_64                                1.9-29.fc33                            @fedora                   
vid.stab.x86_64                               1.1.0-15.20190213gitaeabc8d.fc33       @fedora                   
vim-X11.x86_64                                2:8.2.2146-2.fc33                      @updates                  
vim-common.x86_64                             2:8.2.2146-2.fc33                      @updates                  
vim-enhanced.x86_64                           2:8.2.2146-2.fc33                      @updates                  
vim-filesystem.noarch                         2:8.2.2146-2.fc33                      @updates                  
vim-minimal.x86_64                            2:8.2.2146-2.fc33                      @updates                  
vim-powerline.noarch                          2.8-3.fc33                             @anaconda                 
virglrenderer.x86_64                          0.8.2-2.20200212git7d204f39.fc33       @fedora                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64             6.1.16-1.fc33                          @updates                  
vlc.x86_64                                    1:3.0.12-1.fc33                        @rpmfusion-free-updates   
vlc-core.x86_64                               1:3.0.12-1.fc33                        @rpmfusion-free-updates   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                            0.1.3-13.fc33                          @rpmfusion-free           
volume_key-libs.x86_64                        0.3.12-9.fc33                          @anaconda                 
vpnc.x86_64                                   0.5.3-40.svn550.fc33                   @anaconda                 
vpnc-script.noarch                            20200918-1.git3885f8.fc33              @anaconda                 
vte-profile.x86_64                            0.62.1-2.fc33                          @updates                  
vte291.x86_64                                 0.62.1-2.fc33                          @updates                  
vulkan-headers.noarch                         1.2.148.0-1.fc33                       @fedora                   
vulkan-loader.x86_64                          1.2.148.1-1.fc33                       @updates                  
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                    1.2.148.1-1.fc33                       @updates                  
wavpack.x86_64                                5.3.0-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                  5-12.fc33                              @anaconda                 
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                            2.30.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                        2.30.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                0.3.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
wget.x86_64                                   1.20.3-8.fc33                          @anaconda                 
which.x86_64                                  2.21-20.fc33                           @anaconda                 
whois-nls.noarch                              5.5.7-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
wireless-regdb.noarch                         2020.04.29-2.fc33                      @fedora                   
wireshark.x86_64                              1:3.4.0-1.fc33                         @updates                  
wireshark-cli.x86_64                          1:3.4.0-1.fc33                         @updates                  
wireshark-devel.x86_64                        1:3.4.0-1.fc33                         @updates                  
wmctrl.x86_64                                 1.07-29.fc33                           @anaconda                 
wodim.x86_64                                  1.1.11-46.fc33                         @fedora                   
woff2.x86_64                                  1.0.2-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
words.noarch                                  3.0-36.fc33                            @anaconda                 
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                         1:2.9-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                         1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
wxBase3.x86_64                                3.0.5.1-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
wxGTK3.x86_64                                 3.0.5.1-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
wxGTK3-i18n.noarch                            3.0.5.1-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
wxGTK3-webview.x86_64                         3.0.5.1-2.fc33                         @fedora                   
x11vnc.x86_64                                 0.9.16-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
x264.x86_64                                   0.160-2.20200702gitcde9a93.fc33        @rpmfusion-free           
x264-libs.x86_64                              0.160-2.20200702gitcde9a93.fc33        @rpmfusion-free           
x265-libs.x86_64                              3.4-3.fc33                             @rpmfusion-free           
xalan-j2.noarch                               2.7.2-6.fc33                           @fedora                   
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                       1.4.17-1.fc33                          @fedora                   
xapps.x86_64                                  2.0.5-1.fc33                           @updates                  
xawtv.x86_64                                  3.107-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xcb-util.x86_64                               0.4.0-16.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                         0.4.0-16.fc33                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                       0.4.0-14.fc33                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                    0.3.9-17.fc33                          @fedora                   
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                            0.4.1-19.fc33                          @fedora                   
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                         0.1.2-3.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                     1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                 1.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                          0.17-7.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                      0.10-18.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xdg-utils.noarch                              1.1.3-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xdotool.x86_64                                1:3.20150503.1-11.fc33                 @fedora                   
xed.x86_64                                    2.8.4-1.fc33                           @updates                  
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                      21.5.34-38.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc33 @fedora                   
xen-libs.x86_64                               4.14.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
xen-licenses.x86_64                           4.14.1-1.fc33                          @updates                  
xerces-j2.noarch                              2.12.0-9.fc33                          @fedora                   
xfburn.x86_64                                 0.6.2-2.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xfce4-panel.x86_64                            4.14.4-3.fc33                          @fedora                   
xfconf.x86_64                                 4.14.4-1.fc33                          @updates                  
xfe.x86_64                                    1.43.2-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
xfsprogs.x86_64                               5.7.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xinetd.x86_64                                 2:2.3.15-34.fc33                       @fedora                   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                       2.30-3.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xl2tpd.x86_64                                 1.3.15-1.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xml-common.noarch                             0.6.3-55.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xml-commons-apis.noarch                       1.4.01-32.fc33                         @fedora                   
xml-commons-resolver.noarch                   1.2-32.fc33                            @fedora                   
xmlgraphics-commons.noarch                    2.4-1.fc33                             @updates                  
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                               1.51.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                        1.51.0-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
xmlsec1.x86_64                                1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                            1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                        1.2.29-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xmlto.x86_64                                  0.0.28-14.fc33                         @fedora                   
xorg-x11-apps.x86_64                          7.7-28.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                    19.1.0-5.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                       19.1.0-2.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                     2.10.6-7.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                     0.5.0-6.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                     2.99.917-48.20200205.fc33              @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                  0.30.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                   1:1.0.15-10.fc33                       @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia.x86_64                    3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda.x86_64               3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-cuda-libs.x86_64          3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-kmodsrc.x86_64            3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
xorg-x11-drv-nvidia-libs.x86_64               3:460.32.03-1.fc33                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                0.6.0-11.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                       0.1.5-16.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                      2.4.0-9.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                    13.2.1-13.fc33                         @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                     0.39.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64      0.39.0-3.fc33                          @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                    1:7.5-47.fc33                          @updates                  
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                  7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                   7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch        7.5-25.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch         7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch       7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch        7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch       7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch        7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch        7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch         7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                   7.5-25.fc33                            @fedora                   
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                    7.5-25.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                   2019.1-4.fc33                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                 1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                   1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                   1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                 1.20.10-1.fc33                         @updates                  
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                  7.7-36.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-twm.x86_64                           1:1.0.9-12.fc33                        @fedora                   
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                         7.5-35.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                         1:1.1-5.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                      1.1.1-19.fc33                          @fedora                   
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                         1.4.0-7.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                     7.7-33.fc33                            @anaconda                 
xorriso.x86_64                                1.5.2-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
xreader.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
xsel.x86_64                                   1.2.0-27.fc33                          @fedora                   
xsensors.x86_64                               0.80-11.fc33                           @fedora                   
xterm.x86_64                                  359-1.fc33                             @fedora                   
xterm-resize.x86_64                           359-1.fc33                             @fedora                   
xv.x86_64                                     3.10a.jumbopatch.20070520-35.fc33      @rpmfusion-nonfree        
xvidcore.x86_64                               1.3.7-4.fc33                           @rpmfusion-free           
xxhash-libs.x86_64                            0.8.0-1.fc33                           @anaconda                 
xz.x86_64                                     5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
xz-devel.x86_64                               5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
xz-libs.x86_64                                5.2.5-4.fc33                           @updates                  
yajl.x86_64                                   2.1.0-15.fc33                          @anaconda                 
yelp.x86_64                                   2:3.38.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
yelp-libs.x86_64                              2:3.38.2-1.fc33                        @updates                  
yelp-xsl.noarch                               3.38.2-1.fc33                          @updates                  
yum.noarch                                    4.5.2-1.fc33                           @updates                  
zchunk-libs.x86_64                            1.1.9-1.fc33                           @updates                  
zd1211-firmware.noarch                        1.5-7.fc33                             @anaconda                 
zenity.x86_64                                 3.32.0-4.fc33                          @anaconda                 
zimg.x86_64                                   2.9.3-3.fc33                           @fedora                   
zip.x86_64                                    3.0-27.fc33                            @anaconda                 
zlib.x86_64                                   1.2.11-23.fc33                         @updates                  
zlib-devel.x86_64                             1.2.11-23.fc33                         @updates                  
zram-generator.x86_64                         0.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                0.2.0-4.fc33                           @anaconda                 
zstd.x86_64                                   1.4.7-1.fc33                           @updates                  
zvbi.x86_64                                   0.2.35-11.fc33                         @anaconda                 
zziplib.x86_64                                0.13.69-9.fc33                         @fedora                   
